
### 2.  What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Srpingboot?
   - The Spring Framework provides a comprehensive programming and configuration model for modern Java-based enterprise applications - on any kind of deployment platform.
    -   Spring Boot is a tool that makes developing web application and microservices with Spring Framework faster and easier through three core capabilities:
	    - Autoconfiguration (most important), 
	    - An opinionated approach to configuration, 
	    - The ability to create standalone applications
    -   These features work together to provide you with a tool that allows you to set up a Spring-based application with minimal configuration and setup.
### 3.  What is IOC and What is DI?
   -   Spring IoC Container is the core of Spring Framework. It creates the objects, configures and assembles their dependencies, manages their entire life cycle. The Container uses Dependency Injection(DI) to manage the components that make up the application. It gets the information about the objects from a configuration file(XML) or Java Code or Java Annotations and Java POJO class. These objects are called Beans. Since the Controlling of Java objects and their lifecycle is not done by the developers, hence the name Inversion Of Control.
    -   Dependency Injection(DI) is the main functionality provided by Spring IOC. The Spring-Core module is responsible for injecting dependencies through either Constructor or Setter methods. The design principle of Inversion of Control emphasizes keeping the Java classes independent of each other and the container frees them from object creation and maintenance. These classes, managed by Spring, must adhere to the standard definition of Java-Bean. DI in Spring also ensures loose-coupling between the classes.
### 4.   What is @CompnonentScan?
   -   One of the most important annotations in spring is @ComponentScan which is used along with the @Configuration annotation to specify the packages that we want to be scanned. @ComponentScan without arguments tells Spring to scan the current package and all of its sub-packages.
### 5. How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton?
   -   xml: <context:component-scan base-package="com.xx.xxxx"/>
    -   annotation: @ComponentScan(basePackages = {"com.xx.xxxx"})
### 6.   What is @SpringbootApplication?
   -   Spring Boot @SpringBootApplication annotation is used to mark a configuration class that declares one or more @Bean methods and also triggers auto-configuration and component scanning. It’s same as declaring a class with @Configuration, @EnableAutoConfiguration and @ComponentScan annotations.
### 7.   How many ways wo can define a bean?

- There are three different ways in which you can define a Spring bean:

- Class level - annotating your class with the stereotype @Component @Service @Repository @Controller annotation 
 - Method level - writing a bean factory method annotated with the @Bean annotation in a @configuration class
- XML - declaring a bean definition in an XML configuration file

### 8.    What is default bean name for @Component and @Bean?

- at @Component class level, use the class name and converts the first letter to lowercase
 - The default bean name is @Bean annotated method name

### 9.    What is the difference between @component and @service,@repository?

- They all allow Spring to detect beans automatically

- @Component is a generic stereotype for any Spring-managed component.
- @Service annotates classes at the service layer.
- @Repository annotates classes at the persistence layer, which will act as a database repository.

### 10.    How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?
   -   @Autowire, @Resource, @Inject
### 11.    Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why?
   -   Constructor based dependency injection
    -   Setter based dependency injection
   -   Field based dependency injection
    -   Constructor is better. Constructor injection makes code more robust. It allows us to create immutable objects, preventing NullPointerExceptions and other errors.
### 12.    If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay.
   -   Use @Primary to set primary. 
    -  Use @Qualifier to assign specific impl class.
### 13.    What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?
   -   BeanFactory loads beans on-demand (lazy load), while ApplicationContext loads all beans at startup (eager load). Thus, BeanFactory is lightweight as compared to ApplicationContext.
 
    -   The ApplicationContext comes with advanced features, including several that are geared towards enterprise applications, while the BeanFactory comes with only basic features. Therefore, it's generally recommended to use the ApplicationContext, and we should use BeanFactory only when memory consumption is critical.
### 14.    What is the Scope of a Bean? and list the examples for each scope.

- 1 singleton - This scopes the bean definition to a single instance per Spring IoC container (default).
- 2 prototype - This scopes a single bean definition to have any number of object instances.
- 3 request - This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP request. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
- 4 session - This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
- 5 global-session - This scopes a bean definition to a global HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.

### 15.    Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml, and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old, I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)
    
Student Object
```
public class Student {
	private Integer id;
	private String name;
	private Integer age;
	
	public Student() {}

	public Student(Integer id, String name, Integer age) {
	this.id = id;
	this.name = name;
	this.age = age;
}
/**
setter and getter for each filed
*/
}
```

beans.xml
```
<bean id = "student" class = "package_path.Student">
	<property name="id" value="001"></property>
	<property name="name" value="Tom"></property>
	<property name="age" value="17"></property>
</bean>
```
