### 3. What is the Aspect Oriented Programming?

-   Aspect-oriented programming (AOP) is a programming technique that supports the separation of  **cross-cutting concerns**  in order to increase modularity.

AOP is typically used to implement  **cross-cutting concerns**, which implies that it defines functionality that is required in multiple places across an application in one place. You can add new functionality before or after a method is executed like transaction management, logging or security which cut across multiple types and objects (often termed crosscutting concerns).

### 4. What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?


##### Advantages of Spring AOP

1.  It is easy to configure.
2.  Spring AOP is implemented in pure Java, so separate compilation unit or separate class loader are not required.
3.  It utilizes Spring's IOC container for dependency injection.
4.  Can create aspects using  `@AspectJ`  annotation based or using XML based.
5.  It integrates cross-cutting concerns into the classes,.

##### Disadvantages of Spring AOP

1.  Debugging the AOP framework-based application code is a little challenge.
2.  Only methods with a public visibility will be recommended, not those with a private, protected, or default visibility.
3.  Aspects cannot be advised by other aspects. This is because once a class is marked as an aspect (using XML or annotation), Spring prevents it from being auto-proxied.

### 5. What is Aspect in Spring AOP?

An aspect is a **cross-cutting module that combines advice and pointcuts**. A standard class tagged with the `@Aspect` annotation can be used to implement an aspect.

Aspects are mostly used to enable cross-cutting concerns like logging, profiling, caching, and transaction management.

### 6. What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?

- A pointcut is an **expression** that chooses one or more join points at which advice is given. Pointcuts can be defined using **expressions or patterns**. It supports a number of expressions that correspond to the join points.
-   Advice 是和特定的 point cut 关联的, 并且在 point cut 相匹配的 join point 中执行. 在 Spring 中, 所有的方法都可以认为是 joinpoint, 但是我们并不希望在所有的方法上都添加 Advice, 而 pointcut 的作用就是提供一组规则(使用 AspectJ pointcut expression language 来描述) 来匹配joinpoint, 给满足规则的 joinpoint 添加 Advice.

### 7. What is the Join point in Spring AOP?

-   A join point is a place in the application where an **AOP aspect** is applied. It could also be a specific advice execution instance. A join point in AOP can be a method execution, exception handling, changing the value of an object variable, and so on
-   在 Spring AOP 中, 所有的方法执行都是 join point. 而 point cut 是一个描述信息, 它修饰的是 join point, 通过 point cut, 我们就可以确定哪些 join point 可以被织入 Advice. 因此 join point 和 point cut 本质上就是两个不同纬度上的东西. advice 是在 join point 上执行的, 而 point cut 规定了哪些 join point 可以执行哪些 advice

### 8. What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?

-   The advice is an **action which we take before or after the method execution**. In the Spring AOP framework, there are five types of advice: **before**, **after**, **after-returning**, **after-throwing**, and **around advice**. Advice is taken at a specific join point.
    -   Before: Runs before the advised method is invoked. It is denoted by @Before annotation.
    -   After: Runs after the advised method completes regardless of the outcome, whether successful or not. It is denoted by @After annotation.
    -   AfterReturning: Runs after the advised method successfully completes ie without any runtime exceptions. It is denoted by @AfterReturning annotation.
    -   Around: This is the strongest advice among all the advice since it wraps around and runs before and after the advised method. This type of advice is used where we need frequent access to a method or database like- caching. It is denoted by @Around annotation.
    -   AfterThrowing: Runs after the advised method throws a Runtime Exception. It is denoted by @AfterThrowing annotation.

### 9. What is Spring AOP Proxy?

-   **AOP proxy** is an object that is formed when advice is applied to a target object. The **JDK dynamic proxy** is used by Spring AOP to build proxy classes with target classes and advice invocations.

### 11. When to use Spring Batch?


Spring Batch can be used in both simple use cases (such as reading a file into a database or running a stored procedure) 
as well as complex, high volume use cases (such as moving high volumes of data between databases, transforming it, and so on)

1. Define a job interface with abstract methods;
2. Define steps of how to dealing with the job


### 12. How Spring Batch works?

-   a batch process is typically encapsulated by a Job consisting of multiple Steps. Each Step typically has a single ItemReader, ItemProcessor, and ItemWriter. A Job is executed by a JobLauncher, and metadata about configured and executed jobs is stored in a JobRepository.
-   Each Job may be associated with multiple JobInstances, each of which is defined uniquely by its particular JobParameters that are used to start a batch job. Each run of a JobInstance is referred to as a JobExecution. Each JobExecution typically tracks what happened during a run, such as current and exit statuses, start and end times, etc.
-   A Step is an independent, specific phase of a batch Job, such that every Job is composed of one or more Steps. Similar to a Job, a Step has an individual StepExecution that represents a single attempt to execute a Step. StepExecution stores the information about current and exit statuses, start and end times, and so on, as well as references to its corresponding Step and JobExecution instances.

### 13. How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?

-   Enable scheduling with @EnableScheduling annotation.
-   Create method annotated with @Scheduled and provide recurrence details using cron job. Add the job execution logic inside this method.

```
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableScheduling
public class App
{
  @Autowired
  JobLauncher jobLauncher;
   
  @Autowired
  Job job;
   
  public static void main(String[] args) 
  {
    SpringApplication.run(App.class, args);
  }
   
  @Scheduled(cron = "0 */1 * * * ?")
    public void perform() throws Exception 
  {
    JobParameters params = new JobParametersBuilder()
        .addString("JobID", String.valueOf(System.currentTimeMillis()))
        .toJobParameters();
    jobLauncher.run(job, params);
  }
}
``` 

### _14. What is Swagger?_

_Swagger is a set of open source tools for writing REST-based APIs._ It simplifies the process of writing APIs by notches, specifying the standards & providing the tools required to write beautiful, safe, performant & scalable APIs.
