#### 2. What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Srpingboot?
Spring is framework, which provides comprehensive infrastructure support for developing java application.

Spring Boot is an extension of the sping framework, which eliminates the boilerplate configurations required for setting up a sping application.
It takes an opinionated view of the spring platform, which paves the way for a faster and more efficient development ecosystem.


#### 3. What is IOC and What is DI?
IOC: Inversion of Control. It is the core of spring Framework. It is a programming style where an overall framework or run-time controlled tge program flow.
It also means do not create other objects on which they rely to do their work, they get the objects that they nee from an outside sources.

DI: Dependency injection. It means this is done without the object intervention, usually by a framework component that passes constructor parameters and set properties.


#### 4. What is  @CompnonentScan?
we use @ComponentScan annotation along with the @Configuration annotation to specify the packages that we want to be scanned.


#### 5. How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton?
xml:
`<context:component-scan base-package="com.chuwa.springbasic" />
`

annotation: 
`@ComponentScan(basePackages = {'com.chuwa.springbasic''})
`

#### 6. What is  @SpringbootApplication?
@SpringbootApplication can be used to enable those 3 features：
1. @EnableAutoConfiguration: 
2. @ComponentScan:
3. @Configuration

It is equivalent to using @Configuration, @EnableAutoConfiguration, and @ComponentScan with their default attributes.


```aidl
package com.example.myapplication;

import org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication;
import org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.SpringBootApplication;

@SpringBootApplication // same as @Configuration @EnableAutoConfiguration @ComponentScan
public class Application {

	public static void main(String[] args) {
		SpringApplication.run(Application.class, args);
	}

}
```
#### 7. How many ways wo can define a bean?
1. class level: @Component, @Service, @Repository, @Controller
2. Method level: @Bean, use along with @Configuration
3. XML: <bean id='', class='''></bean>


#### 8. What is default bean name for  @Component and  @Bean?
1. class level: spring uses the class name and converts the first letter to lowercase.
2. method level: spring uses the method name.

#### 9. What is the difference between  @component and  @service,@repository?
@component：It is a generic stereotype for any spring-managed component.

@service: it annotates classes at the service layer.

@repository: it annotates classes at the persistence layer, which will act as a database repository.

The major difference: these are used for difference classification. 
1. we only use @Component across the application to make the beans as Spring's managed components. Spring will only pick up and register
beans with @Component, and doesn't look for @Service, @Repository in general.
2. @Service and @Repository are special case of @Component. They are technically the same, but we use them for the different purpose. 
3. @Repository is used to catch persistence-specific exceptions and re-throw them as one of Spring's unified unchecked exceptions.
4. @Service is used to indicate they're holding the business logic. It only uses at service layer.
#### 10. How many annotations we can use to inject the bean?
@Autowire, @Resource, @Inject

#### 11. Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why?
1. constructor
2. filed
3. setter

constructor and filed are popular use. 
1. constructor injection is immutable, it helps unit testing easier.
2. filed injection has less coding needed.

#### 12. If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primary.
we use @Primary ti set one is primary.

if no primary, we will indicate the bean by using @Qualifier or the bean name

#### 13. What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?
BeanFactory: 
1. It is basic version of IoC.  
2. It is lazy loading beans. 
3. It is suitable to build standalone application.
4. It doesn't support Annotation. We need to configure the properties in XML file only.
5. It supports only singleton and prototype bean scopes.

ApplicationContext:
1. It is more advanced version extends from the BeanFactory. 
2. It is eager loading beans. 
3. It is suitable to build web application, integration with AOP modules, ORM and distributed application.
4. It supports Annotation based on configuration in Bean Autowiring.
5. It supports Annotation based configuration in Bean Autowiring.

`ApplicationContext context = new ClassPathXmlApplicationContext("applicationContext.xml");
`
#### 14. What is the Scope of a Bean?  and list the examples for each scope.
<url>tutorialspoint.com/spring/spring_bean_scopes.htm</url>

1. singleton: This scopes the bean definition to a single instance per Spring IoC container.

2. prototype: this scopes a single bean definition to have any number of object instances.
3. request: this scopes a bean definition to an HTTP request. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationText.
4. session: this scopes a bean definition to an HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring.
5. global-session: This scopes a bean definition to a global HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.


#### 15. Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml, and feel free to ask me any questions if you don't understand. it is a little bit old, I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)

