### 3.  What is JPQL?

-   JPQL is Java Persistence Query Language defined in JPA specification. It is used to create queries against entities to store in a relational database. JPQL is developed based on SQL syntax. But it won’t affect the database directly. JPQL can retrieve information or data using SELECT clause, can do bulk updates using UPDATE clause and DELETE clause. EntityManager.createQuery() API will support for querying language.

### 4.  What is @NamedQuery and @NamedQueries?

-   @NameQueries annotation is used to define the multiple named queries.
-   @NameQuery annotation is used to define the single named query.

```
@NamedQueries({
    @NamedQuery(name="Country.findAll",
                query="SELECT c FROM Country c"),
    @NamedQuery(name="Country.findByName",
                query="SELECT c FROM Country c WHERE c.name = :name"),
})
```

### 5.  What is @Query? In which Interface we write the sql or JPQL?

-   The @Query annotation takes precedence over named queries.
-   JPQL

### 6.  What is HQL and Criteria Queries?

-   Hibernate Query Language (HQL) is an object-oriented query language, similar to SQL, but instead of operating on tables and columns, HQL works with persistent objects and their properties.
-   The criteria query API lets us build nested, structured query expressions in Java, providing a compile-time syntax checking that is not possible with a query language like HQL or SQL. The Criteria API also includes query by example (QBE) functionality.

### 7.  What is EnityManager?

-   In JPA, the EntityManager interface is used to allow applications to manage and search for entities in the relational database. The EntityManager is an API that manages the lifecycle of entity instances. An EntityManager object manages a set of entities that are defined by a persistence unit.

### 8.  What is SessionFactory and Session?

-   SessionFactory is a factory class for Session objects. It is available for the whole application while a Session is only available for particular transaction. Session is short-lived while SessionFactory objects are long-lived. SessionFactory provides a second level cache and Session provides a first level cache.

### 9.  What is Transaction? how to manage your transaction?

-   A transaction is a unit of work that is performed against a database. It is a transaction is an atomic unit -  if one step fails, the whole transaction fails (which is termed as atomicity). Transactions are units or sequences of work accomplished in a logical order, whether in a manual fashion by a user or automatically by some sort of a database program. A transaction is the propagation of one or more changes to the database. For example, if you are creating a record or updating a record or deleting a record from the table, then you are performing a transaction on that table. It is important to control these transactions to ensure the data integrity and to handle database errors.
