
## hw10




List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to
annotaitons.md
2. type the code, you need to checkout new branch from branch 02_post_RUD,
    name the new branch with https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/
    tree/hw05_01_slides_JPQL.
3. What is JPQL?
   JPQL works with java class and instances
4. What is @NamedQuery and @NamedQueries?
   @NamedQuery can only have one query  and @NamedQueries can have multiple queries
5. What is @Query? In which Interface we write the sql or JPQL?
   A predefined query that associate with the entity class. JPQL 
6. What is HQL and Criteria Queries?
   HQL is to perform both select and non-select operations on the data, but Criteria is only for selecting the data, we cannot perform non-select operations using criteria.
7. What is EnityManager?
  an API that manages the lifecycle of entity instances. it manages a set of entities.
8. What is SessionFactory and Session?
   SessionFactory is a thread safe object that used by all the threads of an application
   A session is use to get a physical connection with a database.
9. What is Transaction? how to manage your transaction?
   a set of one or more statement execute as a unit, either execute all statement or none of the statement execute
   use the TransactionManager to manage and control the transaction
10. What is hibernate Caching?
 a buffer memory that lies between application and database, it enhance the performance of a system.

11. What is the difference between first-level cache and second-level cache?
   first-level maintain at the session level and accessible only to the session. 
   second-level at the sessionFactory level, and available to all session.
12. How do you understand @Transactional? (不要clone，要自己抄写并测试
    transactional，https://github.com/TAIsRich/tutorial-transaction)
13. Write a simple factory design pattern.