List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to
annotaitons.md
2. What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benefits of using springboot?
  Spring is the spring framework provides comprehensive infrastructure support for developing java application
  Spring boot is an extension of spring framework. it makes easier to build the java appliaction
3. What is IOC and What is DI?
  IOC is inversion of control,is a container and core of spring framework
   Dependency injection is basically providing the objects that an object needs (its dependencies) instead of having it construct them itself.
4. What is  @CompnonentScan?
  to specify the packages that we want to scan.
5. How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton?
   use @CompnonentScan, <context:component-scan> detects the annotations by package scanning.
6. What is  @SpringbootApplication?
   @SpringBootApplication is a alternative for @Configuration , @EnableAutoConfiguration and @ComponentScan.
   used to bootstrap and launch a Spring application from a Java main method.
7. How many ways we can define a bean?
  Three ways, use @Component annotation. use @Bean method level, XML file
8. What is default bean name for  @Component and  @Bean?.
   The default bean name will be method name.
9. What is the difference between  @component and  @service,@repository?
   @Component is a generic stereotype for any Spring-managed component or bean.
  @Repository is a stereotype for the persistence layer.
  @Service is a stereotype for the service layer. 
  @Controller is a stereotype for the presentation layer.
10. How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?
   Three ways, @autowired, @Resource, @inject
11. Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans
    in Spring)? Which way is better and why?
     Constructor injection, setter injection, and field injection. 
     Constructor injection, more secure than setter injection. it won't override the dependency with 
     constructor.
12. If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let
    the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay.
   Add @Primary annotation. Use @Qualify annotation
13. What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?
  Beanfactory oly have the basic function to manipulate the bean. 
  ApplicationContext have advance feature like access to resource, loading of multiple context etc.
14. What is the Scope of a Bean?  and list the examples for each scope.
    Spring Bean Scopes allows us to have more granular control of the bean instances creation.
    singleton Scope only one bean in IOC.
    prototype create an instance everytime a request make
    Request: A new instance will be created for a single bean definition every time an HTTP request is made for that bean.
    Session: Scopes a single bean definition to the lifecycle of an HTTP Session.
    Global-Session: Scopes a single bean definition to the lifecycle of a global HTTP Session.
15. Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we
    configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml,
    and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old,
    I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)
   use getBean() method ?