1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to
    annotaitons.md
2. What is HTTP Session?
   a industry standard feature to allow web server to maintain user identity
   and to store user-specific data during multiple request/response interaction
   between a client and web application.
3. What is Cookie?
  Cookie is use for internet browser to track, personalize and save information about each user's session.

4. What is the difference between Session and Cookie?
   Session are server side files that contains user data.
   cookie are client side and save the data in text form which session save encrypt user data
   and session end after the user quit the browser. cookie's lifetime set by user
5. How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the
    application?
6. What is the spring security filter?
   spring security is a bunch of servlet filter that 
   help to add authorization and authentication
7. Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?
   use the spring security password encoder
8. What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider?AuthenticationManager?
    AuthenticationFilter?(把这几个名字看熟悉也行)
9. What is the disadvantage of Session? how to overcome the disadvantage?
   nad performance of large number of user. use Jwt
10. What is JWT?
   it's an open standard used to share security information between client and server
    Each JWT contains encoded JSON objects, including a set of claims.
11. decribe how do JWT work(slides 里有图， 26页)
   client send the request with username and password to server, it validate 
   the user and password and generate a jwt token. return  the token 
   to client . when the other request send by client, the server only need to 
   validate the jwt token and return the response.
12. how to get value from application.properties?
   use the @value annotation and pass the value's name
13. What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and
    configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?
    configure(HttpSecurity http) allows configuration of web based 
    security at a resource level, base on a selection match.
    configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth) is used to establish an authentication
mechanism by allowing authenticationproviders to be added easilly.
14. What is Spring security authentication and authorization? 
   authentication is the processing of knowing and identifying the user that 
   want to access. 
   authorization is the process to allow authority to perform actions in the application.

15. Reading, 泛读一下即可，自己觉得是重点的，可以多看两眼。https://www.intervi
    ewbit.com/spring-security-interview-questions/#is-security-a-cross-cutting-con
    cern
    a. 1-12
    b. 17 - 30

