1. List all of the new learned annotations to your annotations.md
2. what is selenium(YouTube)?
 a open source tool that automates wb browser, it provides a single interface that 
 help to write test scripts for programming language
3. what is cucumber(youtueb)?
   a testing tool that supports Behavior Driven Development (BDD)
4. what is JMeter(youtube)?
 a open source software use to load test functional behavior and measure performance
5. what is unit-test?
   A process to of checking small piece of code. it can speed the testing strategy.
6. What is the lifecircle of Junit?
   @beforeAll-> @BeforeEach-> @AfterEach->@AfterAll,  
7. Is @BeforeAll method should be Class level(static)?
   The @BeforeAll is default non-static.
8. What is Mockito? and what is its limitations?
   Mockito is a Java-based framework used for unit testing of Java applications.
   It cannot mock constructors or static methods
9. What is @Mock and what is @InjectMocks?
  @Mock create a mock, InjectMocks is create a instance of the class and injects the mocks that create with 
  @mock into the instance
10. What is the stubbing?
    Stubbing, like mocking, means creating a stand-in,
    but a stub only mocks the behavior, but not the entire object
11. what is Mockito ArgumentMatchers
   it use for flexible verification and stubbing in mockito
12. what is Hamcrest Matchers
    a framework that assists writing software tests in the Java programming language. 
   It supports creating customized assertion matchers
13. do you know @spy? what is difference between @spy and @Mock?
    Mocks are used to create fully mock or dummy objects. It is mainly used in large test suites.
   Spies are used for creating partial or half mock objects