1.  What is MVC pattern?
   -   MVC Pattern stands for Model-View-Controller Pattern. This pattern is used to separate application's concerns.

		-   Controller
	The front controller maps the incoming request to a controller. Controllers contain the business logic of the application. 
	The function of the controller is to handle a user request.
	The controller places the data in the model and returns the model (containing data) back to the front controller

		-   Model
	Model is a container for data. It is used to transfer data from one part of the Spring MVC application to another.

		-   View
	Spring MVC supports a number of view templates. The most commonly used are JSP or JSTL (JSP Standard Tag Library)
	View template receives the model containing data. It reads the model and displays the data

2.  What is Front-Controller?
   -   The front controller design pattern means that all requests that come for a resource in an application will be handled by a single handler and then dispatched to the appropriate handler for that type of request. It is also called dispatcherServlet
3.  What is DispatcherServlet? please decribe how it works.

When the web server receives the HTTP request, the DispatcherServlet will handle the request:
- DispatcherServlet will call the HandlerMapper, and the HandlerMapper will send back the corresponding controller and method;
- DispatcherServlet will then call this controller and method, which will call the service, repository, and database;
- controller will then return the MAV(ModelAndView) result. Specifically, it returns view name, which is usually string, and set data to the Model
- DispatcherServlet then will call the corresponding view Resolver based on the view name it gets
- View Resolver will help us find the view template
- With the view template and data model together, DispatcherServlet will call View Engine to put data in the view template and transfer it to HTML
- this HTML, which shows the frontend content, will be return to browser

4.  What is JSP and What is ModelAndView？(please google to have a basic knowlege)
    -   JSP:
        -   It stands for Java Server Pages.
        -   It is a server side technology.
        -   It is used for creating web application.
        -   It is used to create dynamic web content.
        -   In this JSP tags are used to insert JAVA code into HTML pages.
        -   It is an advanced version of Servlet Technology.
        -   It is a Web based technology helps us to create dynamic and platform independent web pages.
        -   In this, Java code can be inserted in HTML/ XML pages or both.
        -   JSP is first converted into servlet by JSP container before processing the client’s request.
    -   ModelAndView is a holder for both Model and View in the web MVC framework. These two classes are distinct; ModelAndView merely holds both to make it possible for a controller to return both model and view in a single return value. The view is resolved by a ViewResolver object; the model is data stored in a Map .
5.  Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间， 知道servlet的名字就行。)
    -   HttpServlet,JSF, Django
6.  How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss)
    -   Apache, IIS, lighttpd and Jagsaw
