### 2. What is HTTP Session?

- HTTP sessions is an industry standard feature that allows Web servers to maintain user identity and to store user-specific data during multiple request/response interactions between a client application and a Web application.



###  3. What is Cookie?


- A cookie is a small amount of information sent by a servlet to a Web browser, saved by the browser in user computer, and later sent back to the server. 




### 4. What is the difference between Session and Cookie?


- Cookies are client-side files on a local computer that hold user information.	
- Sessions are server-side files that contain user data.
- Cookies end on the lifetime set by the user.	
- When the user quits the browser or logs out, the session is over.
- Cookies can only store a certain amount of info.	
- Sessions can hold an indefinite quantity of data.



### 5. How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the the application?


- When user logs in successfully, a Session ID is sent to the browser by the web server and save in cookie of HTTP header. 
- This cookie is sent back to the server when the user tries to access certain pages. 
- The cookie allows the server to identify the user and retrieve the user session from the session database, so that the user session is maintained. 




### 6. What is the spring security filter?

- The purpose of the security filter is to enforce authorization policies for the web application. 
- In other words, the security filter makes sure that users only access the resources for which they are authorized.



### 7. Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?


- BCryptPasswordEncoder



###  8. What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider?AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter?


- UserDetailsService
	- default configuration provided by Spring security and further customizing it according to requirements.
	- It is used to retrieve user-related data. Its primary responsibility is to find a user by its username

- AuthenticationProvider
	- Authentication providers are responsible to perform a specific authentication

- AuthenticationManager
	- Authentication Manager delegates the request to the right Authentication Provider and returns the Authenticated Object to Authentication Filter

- AuthenticationFilter
	- Authentication filters let you set an authentication scheme for individual controllers or actions
	- Authentication Filter creates an Authentication Request and Passes to Authentication Manager.



###  9. What is the disadvantage of Session? how to overcome the disadvantage?


- sessions make it more difficult to keep servers in balance. 
A server can become overloaded if it accumulates too many sessions, or if specific sticky sessions require a high number of resources. 
- This could result in your load balancer having to shift a client to a different server mid-session, resulting in data loss.

- using session cookies to overcome the disadvantages



###  10. What is JWT?


- JWT stands for JSON Web Token
- It is an open standard that defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object. 
- This information can be verified and trusted because it is digitally signed.



###  11. describe how does JWT work


- Client posts username and password
- Server validate/authenticate the username and password, and then generate the JWT
- Server then return the generated JWT to the client
- Client is able to use this JWT to act any permiteed actions with JWT in the header
- Server receives the action request, validate the JWT, and then return the response



###  12. how to get value from application.properties?


- use @Value annotation
``` java
@Value ("${value_from_application_properties}")
private string name

```

###  13. What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?


- configure(HttpSecurity http) enables users to easily configure Spring Security / handle security exceptions by setting authorization 
 - configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)  enable the authentication based on our database information


###  14. What is Spring security authentication and authorization?


- Authentication is knowing the identity of the user. 


- Authorization is deciding whether a user is allowed to perform an action. 

