#### 3. What is JPQL?
JPQL is Java Persistence Query Language defined in JPA specification. It is used to create queries against entities to store 
in a relational database. JPQL is developed based on SQL syntax. 

#### 4.  What is @NamedQuery and @NamedQueries?
1. @NamedQuery: one single query contains name and query.
2. @NamedQueries: two or more queries, that contains its name and its query.


#### 5.  What is @Query? In which Interface we write the sql or JPQL?
@Query just query itself. For example 
`@Query (select p from Post p where p.id = :key)`
The name should consistence with @Param("status"), then JPA will transfer the userStatus to status, and userName to name.
`Post getPostById(@Param("key") Long id);`

#### 6.  What is HQL and Criteria Queries?
HQL is Hibernate Query Language. It is similar to SQL, HQL is fully object-oriented and understands notions like
inheritance, polymorphism, and association. 
```aidl
Query query = session.createQuery("select p from Post p");
List posts = query.list();
Object[] post = (Object[]) post.get(0);
String title = posts[0];
```

#### 7. What is EntityManager?
EntityManager manages connections to a database as well as to database operations.
EntityManager is associated with a PersistenceContext.
All operations that are performed in a specific session are stored inside the Persistence Context. 
EntityManager is the interface to the Persistence Context. All operations on the entity go through the EntityManager. 
We will declare an EntityManager object in our class and mark it with the @PersistenceContext annotation.

1. Insert Update: entityManager.merge()
   2. update need ID
   3. for Insert, Id is null
4. Select: entityManager.find()
5. delete: entityManager.remove()

#### 8.  What is SessionFactory and Session?
Session object provides an interface between the application and data stored in the database.

Configuration -> session factory -> session -> (Transaction) -> database

#### 9.  What is Transaction? how to manage your transaction?
transaction represents a unit of work. If one step fails, the whole transaction fails. 

Initial state -> transaction -> commit -> transaction succeeded
Initial state -> transaction -> rollback -> transaction failed


#### 10. What is hibernate Caching?
hibernate caching utilizes a multilevel caching schema as first-level cache and second-level cache. 


#### 11. What is the difference between first-level cache and second-level cache?

1. first-level cache: is session specific. can have old values. stays in session level, purpose: minimize database visit
2. second-level cache: is looked up by its id if second-cache level is enabled for that entity.stays in sessionFactory, purpose: cross session use

first-level cache -> second-level cache -> database