#### 1.  Explain volatile variables in java? (we also use it in Singleton

Volatile variables is a kind of volatile variables will pass immediately after variables changed, can let the whole system knows the updates at the first time

#### 2.how to create a new thread(Please also consider Thread Pool case)?

We can use Thread extends to create a child object of the thread. Or we can use Runnable interface to create a non-returnable new thread, use Callable interface to create a returnable new thread.

#### 3.Difference between Runnable and Callable?

Runnable will not return anything, but Callable will return

#### 4.what is the diff between t.start() and t.run()?

t.run() will run the code by current thread, t.start() will create a new thread or assign a free thread then run the code.

#### 5.Which way of creating threads is better: Thread class or Runnable interface

It depends on what you need. My runnable interface has only a run method. But Thread class is a built- in object in Java, which means Thread class has everything a thread need, a fully functional thread can be created by thread class 

#### 6.what is the thread status?

new, runnable,blocked,waiting,timed_waiting,terminated

#### 7. difference between wait() and sleep() method?

wait method tells the calling thread (a.k.a Current Thread) to wait until another thread invoke’s the notify() or notifyAll() method for this object, The thread waits until it reobtains the ownership of the monitor and Resume’s Execution. Sleep() Method is used to pause the execution of current thread for a specified time in Milliseconds. Here, Thread does not lose its ownership of the monitor and resume’s it’s execution

#### 8.  What is deadlock?

two or more threads have parts of resource but they all need all resource to complete the task, so now they trap into a endless wait-loop, they wait each other to release resource but neither of them will release resource until their own job done.

#### 9.  how do threads communicate with each other?

wait & Notify method

#### 10. what is join() method ? 

Join() is a method  of wait and continue, a thread call join(),then it will stop and wait for other thread to complete its task, after other thread done, this hread will continue to do its own task



#### 11. what is yield() method?



#### 12. Explain thread pool ?







