## HW 14

1. ###### List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md

2. ###### What is HTTP Session?

   A seesion is used to save information on the server momentarily so that it may be utilized across various pages of the website. It is the overall amount of time spent on an activity. The user session begins when the user logs in to a specific network application and ends when the user logs out of the program or shuts down the machine.

3. ###### What is Cookie? 

   A cookie is a small text file that is saved on the user's computer. The maximum file size for cookie is 4KB. It is also known as an HTTP cookie, a web cookie, or an internet cookie. When a user first visits a website, the site sends data packets to the user's computer in the form of a cookie.

   The information stored in cookies is not safe since it is kept on the client-side in a text format that anybody can see. We can activate or disable cookies based on our needs.

4. ###### What is the difference between Session and Cookie?

   * Sessions are server-side files that store the user information, whereas Cookies are client-side files that contain user information on a local computer.
   * Sessions are cookies dependent, whereas Cookies are not dependent on Session.
   * The Session ends when the user closes the browser or logout from the application, whereas Cookies expire at the set time.
   * A Session can store as much data as a user want, whereas Cookies have a limited size of 4KB.

5. ###### How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the application? 

   

6. ###### What is the spring security filter?

   For a web application using Spring security, all incoming `HttpServletRequest` goes through the spring security filter chain before it reaches to the Spring MVC comtroller. 

7. ###### Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?

   Yes, with the help of `BCryptPasswordEncoder`.

8. ###### What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider?AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter?(把这几个名字看熟悉也行)

   * `UserDetailService` is ued by `DaoAuthenticationProvider` for retrieving a username, a password, and other attributes for authenticating with a username and password. Spring Security provides in-memory and JDBC implementation of `UserDetailsService`.
   * An `AuthenticationProvider` implementation takes care of verifying an authentication request. By default Sporing Security uses `ProviderManager` class which delegates to a list of configured AuthenticationProvider, each of which is required to see if it can perform the authenticaiton.
   * `ProviderManager` is the default implementation of `AuthenticationManager`. It delegates the authentication process to a list of `AuthenticationProvider` instance. We can set up global or local `AuthenticationManager` if we create a `SecurityFilterChain` bean.
   * `AuthenticationFilter` let you set an authentication scheme for individual controllers or actions. `AuthenticationFilter` creates an Authentication Request and pass to `AuthenticationManager`.

9. ###### What is the disadvantage of Session? how to overcome the disadvantage?

   A server can become overloaded if it accumlates too many seesions, or if specific sticky sessions require a high number of resources.

   Using JWT to overcome the issue.

10. ###### What is JWT?

    JWT is an open standard taht defines a compact and self-contained way for security infrormation between two parties -- a client and server. Each JWT contains encoded JSON objects, including  a set of claims. JWTs are signed using a cryptographic algorithm to ensure that the claim cannot be altered after the token is issued.

11. ###### decribe how do JWT work(slides 里有图， 26页)

    1. Client sends a POST request with username and password
    2. Server validates the username and password then generates the JWT using secret key
    3. Server returns the generated JWT to client
    4. Client sends a GET request with the JWT Header information to act on permitted actions
    5. Server validates the JWT with secret key and returns the response

12. ###### how to get value from application.properties?

    Use `@Value` annotaion

    `@Value ("${value_from_application_properties}")`

    private string name

13. ###### What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?

    configure(HttpSecurity) enables users to easily configure Spring Security/handle security exceptions by setting authorization

    configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder) enable the authentication based on `userDetailService` records (password correct or not)

14. ###### What is Spring security authentication and authorization?

    * In the authentication process, the identity of users are checked for providing the access to the system
    * While in authorization process, a the person's or user's authorities are checked for accessing the resources

15. ###### Reading, 泛读一下即可，自己觉得是重点的，可以多看两眼。https://www.interviewbit.com/spring-security-interview-questions/#is-security-a-cross-cutting-concern

    a. 1-12
    b. 17 - 30