## Hw8 (hw41-springboot-RUD)

#### 1. List all of the new annotations to your annotaitons.md and explain its role.
#### 2. how do you do the debug?
1. read error message
2. using debugging tools, create some breakpoints to check what went wrong

#### 3. What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO?
`DTO（Data Transfer Object) `： encapsulates values to carry data between processes or networks.
    is a data container which is used to transport data between layers and tiers. It mainly contains of attributes.

`VO (Value Object)`： is a special type of object that can hold values such as java.lang.Integer and java.lang.Long.
A VO should always override the equals() and hashCode() methods.
`Payload`：is data that clients send to the server in the body of an HTTP POST, PUT, or PATCH message that contains important information about the request.
`DO (Data Objects)`：

#### 4. What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds") (不会的话，课上问)?
annotation  used to define a non-static method as a "setter" or "getter" for a logical property 
or is used to map property names with JSON keys during serialization and deserialization.

@JsonProperty("description_yyds") indicate the property name is "description_yyds" in JSON

#### 5. do you know what is jackson?
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.fasterxml.jackson.core</groupId>
  <artifactId>jackson-databind</artifactId>
  <version>2.13.3</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```
Jackson is a high-performance JSON processor used for Java. It is the most popular library used for serializing Java objects or Map to JSON and vice-versa.

#### 6. What is spring-boot-stater?
Spring Boot Starters are dependency descriptors that can be added under the <dependencies> section in pom.xml. 
There are around 50+ Spring Boot Starters for different Spring and related technologies. 
These starters give all the dependencies under a single name.

```xml
<dependency>
   <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
   <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
</dependency>
```
if we want to build web including RESTful applications using Spring MVC, we can use `spring-boot-starter-web` dependency

other starters:
- **spring-boot-starter-data-jdbc**: starter for using Spring Data JDBC
- **spring-boot-starter-data-jpa**: Starter for using Spring Data JPA with Hibernate
- **spring-boot-starter-test**: Starter for testing Spring Boot applications with libraries including JUnit Jupiter, Hamcrest and Mockito


#### 7. do you know @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST) ? could you list CRUD by this style?
@RequestMapping is the most common and widely used annotation in Spring MVC. 
It is used to map web requests onto specific handler classes and/or handler methods.

CRUD:
GET: `@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.GET)`

PUT: `@RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.PUT)`

DELETE: `@RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.DELETE)`

#### 8. What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?
```
new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse, HttpStatus.OK); 
new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse,HttpStatus.CREATED);
ResponseEntity.ok(postService.getPostById(id));
```
ResponseEntity represents the whole HTTP response: status code, headers, and body
we can use it to fully configure the HTTP response. 
If we want to use it, we have to return it from the endpoint

#### 9. What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC
result set is an object that represents a set of data returned from a data source, usually as the result of a query

#### 10. What is the ORM framework?
ORM is a programming technique for converting data between type systems using object-oriented programming languages

#### 11. Learn how to use ObjectMapper by this example.

#### 12. What is the serialization and desrialization?
    a. https://hazelcast.com/glossary/serialization/
Serialization:  is a mechanism of converting the state of an object into a byte stream

Deserialization: is the reverse process where the byte stream is used to recreate the actual Java object in memory.

#### 13. use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32].

```java
import java.util.Arrays;

class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        int[] array = new int[]{20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32};
        return Arrays.stream(array).average().orElse(Double.NaN);
    }
}

```
#### 14. 抄写，https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot- redbook/tree/03_post_pageable，你也可以像我一样分branch添加新代码。