1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md

2. What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Srpingboot?

   Spring is an open-source lightweight framework that allows developers to build simple, reliable, and scalable enterprise applications.
   The most important feature of the Spring Framework is dependency injection.

   Spring Boot is built on top of the conventional spring framework. So, it provides all the features of spring and is yet easier to use than spring. 
   Spring Boot is a microservice-based framework and making a production-ready application in very less time. 
   The most important feature of the Spring Boot is Autoconfiguration.

3. What is IOC and What is DI?

   Inversion of Control(IoC) is also known as Dependency injection (DI).

   The Spring container uses Dependency Injection (DI) to manage the components that build up an application and these objects are called Spring Beans. 
   Spring implements DI by either an XML configuration file or annotations.

4. What is @CompnonentScan?

   @ComponentScan enables Spring to scan for things like configurations, controllers, services, and other components we define.

   In particular, the @ComponentScan annotation is used with @Configuration annotation to specify the package for Spring to scan for components

5. How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton?

   Spring can start scanning from the specified package, which we can define using basePackageClasses() or basePackages(). 

   @Configuration
   @ComponentScan(basePackages = {"package1","com.chuwa.learning"},
     basePackageClasses = study.class)

6. What is @SpringbootApplication?

   The @SpringBootApplication annotation is equivalent to using 

   @Configuration, 

   @EnableAutoConfiguration, 

   and @ComponentScan 

   with their default attributes

7. How many ways wo can define a bean?

   There are three different ways in which you can define a Spring bean:

   Class level - annotating your class with the stereotype @Component @Service @Repository @Controller annotation 
   Method level - writing a bean factory method annotated with the @Bean annotation in a @configuration class
   XML - declaring a bean definition in an XML configuration file

8. What is default bean name for @Component and @Bean?

   at @Component class level, use the class name and converts the first letter to lowercase
   The default bean name is @Bean annotated method name

9. What is the difference between @component and @service,@repository?

   They all allow Spring to detect beans automatically

   @Component is a generic stereotype for any Spring-managed component.
   @Service annotates classes at the service layer.
   @Repository annotates classes at the persistence layer, which will act as a database repository.

10. How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?

    @Autowired
    @Resource
    @Inject

11. Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why?

    - Constructor Injection
    @Autowired
    public recommendType(Filter filter){
        this.filter = filter;
    }
    - Setter Injection
    @Autowired
    public void setFilter(Filter filter){
        this.filter = filter;
    }
    - Field Injection
    @Autowired
    private Filter filter;

    **Constructor注入**：**强依赖性**（即必须使用此依赖），**不变性**（各依赖不会经常变动）

    **Setter注入**：**可选**（没有此依赖也可以工作），**可变**（依赖会经常变动）

    **Field注入**：大多数情况下尽量**少使用**字段注入，一定要使用的话， **@Resource相对@Autowired**对IoC容器的**耦合更低**

    

    Constructor更推荐

    构造器注入有利于强制依赖。通过在构造函数中提供依赖，您可以确保依赖对象在被构造时已准备好被使用。在构造函数中赋值的字段也可以是final的，这使得对象是完全不可变的，或者至少可以保护其必需的字段。

    构造器注入还可以避免 Field 注入的循环依赖问题，比如 在 Alpha 中注入 Beta，又在 Beta 中注入 Alpha。如果使用构造器注入，在 Spring 启动的时候就会抛出 BeanCurrentlyInCreationException 提醒循环依赖。
    

12. If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay.

    We can use **@Primary** for the same bean. 

    Use **@Qualifier** to inject specific bean otherwise Spring injects bean by default which is annotated with @Primary.

    https://blog.csdn.net/weixin_44259720/article/details/107025598

13. What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?

    Lazy Loading vs. Eager Loading
    BeanFactory(Lazy) loads beans on-demand, while ApplicationContext(Eager) loads all beans at startup. Thus, BeanFactory is lightweight as compared to ApplicationContext.

14. What is the Scope of a Bean? and list the examples for each scope.

    1 singleton - This scopes the bean definition to a single instance per Spring IoC container (default).
    2 prototype - This scopes a single bean definition to have any number of object instances.
    3 request - This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP request. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
    4 session - This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
    5 global-session - This scopes a bean definition to a global HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.

15. Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we configure the bean？ (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml, and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old, I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)

    employee.xml

    ```
    <beans>
       
      <bean id="employee" class="com.howtodoinjava.spring.beans.Employee"></bean>
       
    </beans> 
    ```

    beans.xml

    ```
    <beans>
       
      <import resource="employee.xml"/>
       
      <bean id="operations" class="com.howtodoinjava.spring.beans.Operations"></bean>
       
    </beans> 
    ```

