## HW12

1. ###### *List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md*

2. ###### *What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Springbok?*

   Spring is an open-source framework that allows developers to build simple, reliable and scalable enterprise applications. This framework mainly focuses on providing various ways to help you manage your business objects.

   Spring Boot is built on top of the conventional spring framework. So, it provides all the features of spring and is yet easier to use than spring.

3. ###### *What is IOC and What is DI?*

   Spring IOC creates the objects, configures and assembles their dependencies, manages their entire life cycle. The Contrainer uses Dependency Injection to manage the components that make up the application. It gets the information about the objects from a configuration file(XML) or Java Code Or Java Annotations and Java POJO class.

   Dependency Injection is the main functionality provided by Spring IOC. The Spring-Core module is responsible for injecting dependencies through either Constructor or Setter methods.

4. ###### *What is  `@ComponentScan`?*

   `@ComponentScan` is used to define where the Spring need to scan the bean definitions and generate the beans.

   `@Configuration` is used along with the `@Configuration` annotation to specify the packages that we want to be sacnned.

5. ###### *How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton?*

   1. <context:component-scan base-package="package_name"/>
   2. @ComponentSacn(basePackages = {"package_name"})

6. ###### *What is  `@SpringbootApplication`?*

   This annotation is used to mark the main class of a Spring Boot application. It encapsulates `@Configuration`, `@EnableAutoConfiguration`, and `@ComponentSacn` annotations with their default attributes.

7. ###### *How many ways wo can define a bean?*

   We can use `@Component`, `@Service`, `@Repository`, `@Controller`, `@Bean`(with `@Configuration`) or in XML file declare <bean id = "id" class="class"></bean>

8. ###### *What is default bean name for  `@Component` and  `@Bean`?*

   Default bean name is the method name annotated by `@Bean`

   ```java
   @Configration
   public class CommonConfig {
     @Bean
     public ModelMapper modelMapper(){
       return new ModelMapper();
     }
   }
   ```

   the default name is ModelMapper

9. ###### *What is the difference between  `@component` and  `@service`,`@repository`?*

   The major difference between these stereotypes is that they are used for different classifications.

10. ###### *How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?*

    `@Autowired`, priority: by type > by name

    `@Resource`, priority: by name > by type

    `@Inject`

11. ###### *Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why?*

    Constructor injection, this is the better way to inject, since it is the safest one.

    Setter injection

    Field injection

12. ###### *If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay.*

    ßBy useing the `@Qualifier` annotationm, we can eliminate the issue of which bean needs to be injected.

13. ###### *What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?*

    Both of them are used to bean instantiation and writing, but the ApplicationContext support BeanFactoryPostProcessor, BeanPostProcessor automatically register, MessageSource access and ApplicationEvent publication.

14. ###### *What is the Scope of a Bean?  and list the examples for each scope.*

    Singleton: bean defination is a single instance for each Sprin IOC container

    ```java
    ApplicationContext context = new AnnotationConfigApplicationContext(BeanConfig.class);
    ```

    The BeanConfig is a singleton in context.

    Prototype: every time we use a bean, create a bean objection.

15. ###### *Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml, and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old, I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)*

    <bean class="com.baeldung.springbootxml.example">

    ​	<property name="field" value="${sample}"></property>

    </bean>