Hw12(hw43-Spring-Basic)

### 1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
### 2. What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Srpingboot?
**Spring**: 
    Spring Framework is the most popular application development framework of Java. 
    The main feature of the Spring Framework is dependency Injection or Inversion of Control (IoC). 
    With the help of Spring Framework, we can develop a loosely coupled application.

**Spring Boot** :
    Spring Boot is a module of Spring Framework. 
    It allows us to build a stand-alone application with minimal or zero configurations. 
    It is better to use if we want to develop a simple Spring-based application or RESTful services.

Benefits:
1. Can be used to build standalone applications
2. No need to deploy WAR files
3. Doesn't require XML configuration
4. Embeds Tomcat, Jetty and Undertow directly
5. Offers production ready features
6. Easier to launch
7. Easier management and customization

### 3. What is IOC and What is DI?
`IOC COntainer`: It creates the objects, configures and assembles their dependencies, manages their entire life cycle. The Container uses Dependency Injection(DI) to manage the components that make up the application.

`DI`: is a design pattern that removes the dependency from the programming code so that it can be easy to manage and test the application. Dependency Injection makes our programming code loosely coupled.

### 4. What is @ComponentScan?
@ComponentScan is used along with the @Configuration annotation to specify the packages that we want to be scanned. 
@ComponentScan without arguments tells Spring to scan the current package and all of its sub-packages

### 5. How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotation?
**annotation**: @ComponentScan

Example: @ComponentScan(basePackages = {"com.chuwa.springbasic"})

**xml**：<context:component-scan base-package="packageName"/>, as the example below:
```xml
<context:component-scan base-package="com.chuwa.springbasic"/>
    <bean id="dataNucleusChuwaNoComponent" class = "com.chuwa.springbasic.components.impl.DataNucleusChuwaNoComponent"></bean>
```
### 6. What is @SpringbootApplication?
@SpringBootApplication is used to mark a configuration class that declares one or more @Bean methods and also triggers auto-configuration and component scanning. 

It’s same as declaring a class with @Configuration, @EnableAutoConfiguration and @ComponentScan annotations.

### 7. How many ways wo can define a bean?
**class level**
- @Component
- @Service
- @Repository
- @Controller

**Method level**
- @Bean

**XML**
```xml
<bean id="dataNucleusChuwaNoComponent"
 class="com.chuwa.springbasic.components.impl.DataNu
cleusChuwaNoComponent"></bean>
```

### 8. What is default bean name for @Component and @Bean?
`@Component`: default name is class name that first upper case convert to lower case.
`@Bean`: default name is method name that first upper case convert to lower case.

### 9. What is the difference between @component and @service,@repository?
@component, @service, @repository are the same thing, they have different name because it is easy for developer to identify layer

### 10. How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?
`@Autowired`: by type -> by name
`@Resource`: by name -> by ttype
`@Inject`

### 11. Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why?
- Constructor injection
```java
@Autowired
public ConstructorInject (Type type){
    this.type = type;
}
```
- Setter injection
```java
@Autowored
public void setFilter(Filter filter){
    this.filter = filter;
}
```
- field injection
```java
@Autowired
private Filter filter;
```

**Constructor inject is better and safe**

### 12. If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primary.
`@Primary` to set one bean is primary

we can use `@Qualifier` to pick one specific bean

Priority: @Qualifier > @Primary > by name > throw exception

### 13. What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?
The ApplicationContext comes with advanced features, including several that are geared towards enterprise applications, 
while the BeanFactory comes with only basic features. 

Therefore, it's generally recommended to use the ApplicationContext, and we should use BeanFactory only when memory consumption is critical

### 14. What is the Scope of a Bean? and list the examples for each scope.
**Basic**
- Singleton: This scopes the bean definition to a single instance per Spring IoC container (default).
- Prototype: This scopes a single bean definition to have any number of object instances

**Web**
- Request: This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP request. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
- Session: This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
- Application
- Websocket

### 15. Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml, and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old, I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)
```xml
<bean class="com.baeldung.springbootxml.Pojo">
    <property name="field" value="${sample}"></property>
</bean>
```