## HW13

1. ###### List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md

2. ###### What is MVC pattern?

   * The Model contains only the pure application data, it contains no logic describing how to present the data to a user
   * The View presents the model's data to the user. The view knows how to access the model's data, but it does not know what this data means or what the user can do to manipulate it.
   * The Controller exists between the view and the model. It listens to events triggered by the view (or another external source) and executes the appropriate reaction to these events. In most cases, the reaction is to call a method on the model. Since the view and the model are connected through a notification mechanism, the result of this action is then automatically reflected in the view.

3. ###### What is Front-Controller? 

   The front controller means that all requests that come for a resource in an application will be handled by a single hadnler and then dispatched to the appropriate handler for that type of request. The front controller may use other helpers to achieve the dispatching mechanism.

4. ###### What is DispatcherServlet? please decribe how it works.

   DispatcherServlet acts as the Front Controller for Spring-based web applications. Any request is going to come into our website the front controller is going to staand in front and is going to accept all the requests and once the front controller that it will make a decision that who is the right controller to handle that request. For example, refer to the below image. Suppose we have a website called student.com and the client is make a request to save student data by hitting the following URL student.com/save and its frist come to the front controller and once the front controller accepts that request it is  going to assign to the Controller_1 as this controller handle the request for /save operation. Then it is going to return back the response to the client. 

5. ###### What is JSP and What is ModelAndView？(please google to have a basic knowlege)

   * JSP(Java Server Pages) is used as a view technology/template. It is a Web-based technology helps us to create dynamic and platform independent web pages.
   * ModelAndView is a holder for both Model and View in the web MVC framework. It merely holds both to make it possible for a controller to return both model and view in a single return value. The view is resolved by a ViewResolver object; the model is data stored in a Map.

6. ###### Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间，知道servlet的名字就行。)

   1. Generic Servlet is a direct division of Servlet type. The servlet is written in this form

      ```java
      javax.servlet.GenericServlet
      ```

   2. HTTP Servlet is a subclass of Generic Servlet. The servlet is called as javax.servlet.HttpServlet.

7. ###### How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss)

   1. ###### Apache HTTP Sever

      The Apache web server is the most popular web server in the industry. It is developed by the Apache Software Foundation, it’s free and open source. Apache is available for nearly every major operating system including Linux, Unix, FreeBSD, macOS and Microsoft Windows.

   2. ###### Apache Tomcat

      Tomcat is typically used in large-scale enterprise applications. It’s frequently used in conjunction with Apache or another web server, and can also work as a stand-alone web server. 

   3. ###### Caddy Web Server

      Caddy automatically uses secure communications with HTTPS and TLS being the defaults. According to Caddy, the server is easy to configure, fast to deploy, and it will run in a variety of environments, including in containers without modification. It’s written in the Go language. Caddy supports HTTP/2, IPv6, reverse proxy and load balancing.

   4. ###### Eclipse Jetty Websever

      Jetty is designed to handle large numbers of connections simultaneously while retaining a small footprint. Jetty can run in containers and on cloud services, and it can be embedded in other applications. Jetty is used as the web server component in other open source projects including Hadoop, OpenNMS, and Eucalyptus.

   5. ###### H2O Web Server

      H2O provides secure communications using TLS, and it features private key protection. It also functions as a reverse proxy server. H2O and AT&T developed a feature store to support artificial intelligence and predictive operations. The H2O feature store automatically recommends new features and feature updates to improve performance.

   6. ###### Hiawatha Web Server

      Hiawatha supports web applications and features security by default. It includes intrusion detection, cross-site scripting and it responds to denial of service attacks. It detects attacks such as SQL injection, and when it detects an attack, it automatically blocks the sender’s IP address. It supports TLS with perfect forward secrecy. One important feature is its easy configuration environment, which helps reduce errors that can lead to security issues. 

   7. ###### Internet Information Services

      IIS is very secure and Microsoft provides good support, making this an excellent choice for setting up a first web server. IIS supports containers and HTTP Strict Transport Security and now has new management enhancements. Microsoft supports additional enhancements to IIS if they’re needed for specific applications.

   8. ###### Lighttpd Web Server

      Lighttpd is optimized for high performance environments. It has a small memory footprint, and is presented as a solution for servers suffering from load problems. 

   9. ###### NGINX Web Server

      NGINX is considered by many to be a preferred alternative to Apache. It’s a free and open source web server with a wide variety of other capabilities including load balancing, mail proxy, and the ability to provide predictable performance under heavy loads. While the total number of web sites using NGINXis smaller than the number using IIS, NGINX appears on a greater number of large sites, and depending on how you count, it may be as many as Apache. NGINX runs on a number of high-profile sites including Microsoft and IBM, each of which have their own web server software.

   10. ###### Node.js

       Node.js is not a web server itself. It’s the underlying software for web servers built on JavaScript. Node.js provides the modules for networking, security, and other data functions. It allows concurrent operations in the web server software.

   11. ###### OpenLiteSpeed Web Server

       OpenLiteSpeed is the free and open source version of the enterprise LiteSpeed Web Server. The difference is that the enterprise version has commercial support versus community support for the open version. The enterprise version does have a free tier, but otherwise isn’t free.

8. ###### clone this repo, and run it in you local.

   a. https://github.com/TAIsRich/springmvc5-demo
   b. Notice that you need to configure the Tomcat by yourself. tutorial in the slides.
   c.  find out the APIs in controlelr and call some APIs, In slides, I also list some API.
   d.  remeber to create a database for this project
   e.  all details in the slides.