Hw13 (hw44-Spring-MVC)

### 1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
### 2. What is MVC pattern?
**Controller**: the front controller maps the incoming request to controller. controller places the data in the model which is a container for the data, and then controller returns the model back to the front controller

**Model**: Model is a container for data. It is used to transfer data from one part of the Spring MVC application to another. The contoller passes the model to the front controller which forwards it to the view resolver.

**View**: Spring MVC supports a number of view templates. View template receives the model containing data. it reads the model and display the data.

### 3. What is Front-Controller?
Front-Controller is DispatchServlet

logic:
- Mapping an HTTP request to a certain processing method
- Parsing of HTTP request data and headers into data transfer objects (DTOs)or domain objects
- Model-view-controller interaction
- Generation of responses from DTOs, domain objects, etc.

### 4. What is DispatcherServlet? please describe how it works.
The DispatcherServlet is the front controller in Spring web applications

1. Tomcat receive Http request and give DispatchServlet to handle
2. DispatcherServlet use this req to call HandlerMapper
3. HandlerMapper find the corresponding Controller and method, and return them to dispatcherServlet
4. dispatcherServlet call specific controller and relevant methods which will call service, repository and database
5. Controller return the results(Model and view) to DispatcherServlet. In general, it will return view name, string, and the data set into Model
6. dispatcherServlet call view Resolver according to view name
7. view Resolver find specific view template, and return to dispatcherServlet
8. now DispatcherServlet has view template, model, then dispatcherServlet call view engine to transfer to HTML
9. this HTMl will return to browser

### 5. What is JSP and What is ModelAndView?(please google to have a basic knowlege)

**JavaServer Pages (JSP)**: is a technology for developing Webpages that supports dynamic content. 
This helps developers insert java code in HTML pages by making use of special JSP tags, most of which start with <% and end with %>.

**Model and View**: is a holder for both Model and View in the web MVC framework. 
ModelAndView merely holds both to make it possible for a controller to return both model and view in a single return value

### 6. Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间， 知道servlet的名字就行。)
**Generic Servlet** - Generic servlet is protocol independent servlet. It implements the Servlet and ServletConfig interface.

**Http Servlet** - HttpServlet is HTTP (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol ) specific servlet. It provides an abstract class HttpServlet for the developers for extend to create there  own HTTP specific servlets.
### 7. How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss)
- Apache Web Serve
- IIS Web server
- Nginx Web Server
- LiteSpeed Web Server
- Apache Tomcat
