1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md

2. What is HTTP Session?

   HTTP sessions allows Web servers to maintain user identity and to store user-specific data during multiple request/response interactions between a client application and a Web application.

3. What is Cookie?

   A cookie is a small amount of information sent by a servlet to a Web browser, saved by the browser, and later sent back to the server. 
   A cookie is a small text file that is saved on the user’s computer.

4. What is the difference between Session and Cookie?

   Cookies are client-side files on a local computer that hold user information.	

   Sessions are server-side files that contain user data.

   Cookies end on the lifetime set by the user. When the user quits the browser or logs out of the programmed, the session is over.
   Cookies can only store a certain amount of info. Sessions can hold an indefinite quantity of data.

5. How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the the application?

   With cookie-based session management, a message (cookie) containing user information is sent to the browser by the web server. 
   This cookie is sent back to the server when the user tries to access certain pages. 
   The cookie allows the server to identify the user and retrieve the user session from the session database, so that the user session is maintained. 
   A cookie-based session ends when the user logs off or closes the browser. 

6. What is the spring security filter?

   The purpose of the security filter is to enforce authorization policies for the web application. 
   In other words, the security filter makes sure that users only access the resources for which they are authorized.

   A security filter describes **a set of records in a table that a user has permission to access**. You can specify, for example, that a user can only read the records that contain information about a particular customer. This means that the user cannot access the records that contain information about other customers

7. Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?

   BCryptPasswordEncoder

8. What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider?AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter?(把这几个名字看熟悉也行)

   ```
   UserDetailsService
   default configuration provided by Spring security and further customizing it according to requirements.
   It is used to retrieve user-related data. Its primary responsibility is to find a user by its username
   
   AuthenticationProvider
   Authentication providers are responsible to perform a specific authentication
   
   AuthenticationManager
   AuthenticationManager manages the authentication modules that an application uses. 
   Authentication Manager delegates the request to the right Authentication Provider and returns the Authenticated Object to Authentication Filter
   
   AuthenticationFilter
   Authentication filters let you set an authentication scheme for individual controllers or actions
   Authentication Filter creates an Authentication Request and Passes to Authentication Manager.
   ```

9. What is the disadvantage of Session? how to overcome the disadvantage?

   sessions make it more difficult to keep servers in balance. 
   A server can become overloaded if it accumulates too many sessions, or if specific sticky sessions require a high number of resources. 
   This could result in your load balancer having to shift a client to a different server mid-session, resulting in data loss.

   using session cookies to overcome the disadvantages

   ###### HTTP 协议使用 cookie + session 有状态会话身份认证一般流程

   - 前端发起第一次请求；
   - 服务端收到前端请求，发现请求头 Cookie 字段不存在（未携带值），将生成一个字符串类型的 session id，并返回给前端（在头中字段 Set-Cookie）;
   - 前端收到回应后，将回应头中的 Set-Cookie 字段值存储起来，网页浏览器将自动存于 cookie 中，后续每次请求将带上此值（ session id ）。如果后续任何回应头中带了 Set-Cookie，那么将重复执行本步骤。
   - 前端输入账户密码登录；
   - 服务端验证账户密码通过后，将此账户信息与前步骤生成的 session id 绑定（绑定信息存于服务端,此处称为session上下文，并设置过期时间，过期移除）。为了安全起见，当然也可重新生成 session id ，并将此新 session id 返回给前端；
   - 前端后续每次请求中带上存储于本地的 session id;
   - 服务器收到请求，获取头中 Cookie 字段值（session id），在 session 上下文中查找，找到后将过期时间刷新，未找到重新登录。

10. What is JWT?

    JWT stands for JSON Web Token
    It is an open standard that defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object. 
    This information can be verified and trusted because it is digitally signed.

11. decribe how do JWT work(slides 里有图， 26页)

    Client post username and password to server
    Server validate/authenticate the username and password, and then generate the JWT
    Server then return the generated JWT to the client
    Client is able to use this JWT to act any permiteed actions with JWT in the header
    Server receive the action request, validate the JWt, and then return the response

12. how to get value from application.properties?

    use @Value annotation

    ```java
    @Value ("${value_from_application_properties}")
    private string name
    ```

13. What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?

    configure(HttpSecurity http) enables users to easily configure Spring Security / handle security exceptions by setting authorization 
    configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)  enable the authentication based on our database information

    ```java
    //class SecurityDBJWTConfig
    @Override
        protected void configure(HttpSecurity http) throws Exception{
            http
                    .csrf().disable()
                    .authorizeRequests()
                    .antMatchers(HttpMethod.GET, "/api/").permitAll()
                    .antMatchers("/api/v1/auth/**").permitAll()
                    .anyRequest()
                    .authenticated()
                    .and()
                    .httpBasic();
        }
        /**
         * In memory auth
         */
        @Override
        protected void configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth) throws Exception {
            auth.userDetailsService(customUserDetailsService).passwordEncoder(passwordEncoder());
        }
    ```

    

14. What is Spring security authentication and authorization?

    Authentication is knowing the identity of the user. 
    For example, Alice logs in with her username and password, and the server uses the password to authenticate Alice.

    Authorization is deciding whether a user is allowed to perform an action. 
    For example, Alice has permission to get a resource but not create a resource.

15. Reading,泛读一下即可，自己觉得是重点的，可以多看两眼。https://www.interviewbit.com/spring-security-interview-questions/#is-security-a-cross-cutting-concern

    a. 1-12

b. 17 - 30