Hw15 (hw47 testing)

### 1.  List all of the new learned annotations to your annotations.md
### 2.  what is selenium(YouTube)?
Selenium is an open-source tool that automates web browsers. 
It provides a single interface that lets you write test scripts in programming languages like Ruby, Java, NodeJS

* WebDriver - a driver to help grab web elements
* Page Objects - a java class to simulate a wb page

### 3.  what is cucumber(youtueb)?
Cucumber is a testing tool that supports Behavior Driven Development (BDD)

**Given, when and then**

### 4.  what is JMeter(youtube)?
use JMeter to analyze and measure the performance of web application or a variety of services
JMeter originally is used for testing Web Application or FTP application. Nowadays, it is used for a functional test, database server test etc.

### 5.  what is unit-test?
A unit test is a way of testing a unit - the smallest piece of code that can be logically isolated in a system. In most programming languages, that is a function, a subroutine, a method or property.

### 6.  What is the lifecircle of Junit?
@BeforeAll (class level setup)
@BeforeEach(Setup)
@Test(Test Execution)
@AfterEach(Cleanup)
@AfterAll(class Level Cleanup)

### 7. Is @BeforeAll method should be Class level(static)?
Yes, @BeforeALl should be called only once in the entire tests execution cycle, so it should be static

### 8.  What is Mockito? and what is its limitations?
Mockito is a JAVA-based library used for **unit testing** applications. 
This open-source library plays an important role in automated unit tests for the purpose of **test-driven development** or **behavior-driven development**. 
It uses a **mock interface** to add dummy functionality in the unit testing. It also uses Java reflection to create mock objects for an interface to test it.

limitation:
1. It cannot mock constructors or static methods.
2. It requires Java version 6 plus to run.
3. It also cannot mock equals(), hashCode() methods.
4. 
### 9.  What is @Mock and what is @InjectMocks?
@Mock creates a mock

@InjectMocks creates an instance of the class and injects the mocks that are created with the @Mock annotations into this instance

### 10. What is the stubbing?
stub only mocks the behavior, but not the entire object. This is used when your implementation only interacts with a certain behavior of the object.

### 11. what is Mockito ArgumentMatchers
Argument matchers are mainly used for performing flexible verification and stubbing in Mockito. 
It extends ArgumentMatchers class to access all the matcher functions. 
Mockito uses equal() as a legacy method for verification and matching of argument values

### 12. what is Hamcrest Matchers
Hamcrest is a library of matchers, is an external add-on of the Junit Framework

assertThat(object, matching rule)

### 13. do you know @spy? what is difference between @spy and @Mock?
We generally use mock when we have to completely mock the object behavior 
while using spy we will be spying or stubbing specific methods of it. 

A mock in mockito is a normal mock in other mocking frameworks (allows you to stub invocations; that is, return specific values out of method calls).

A spy in mockito is a partial mock in other mocking frameworks (part of the object will be mocked and part will use real method invocations).