Hw 16 (hw46-AOP & Batch & swagger)

### 1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
### 2. Briefly reading: https://www.techgeeknext.com/spring-boot/spring-aop-intervie w-questions
### 3. What is the Aspect Oriented Programming?
aspect-oriented programming (AOP) is a programming paradigm that aims to increase modularity by allowing the separation of cross-cutting concerns.

It does so by adding behavior to existing code (an advice) without modifying the code itself, instead separately specifying which code is modified via a "pointcut" specification, such as log

### 4. What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?
**advantages**:
* easy to configure
* It uses Spring’s IOC for dependency injection and Its implemented in pure Java
* As any other AOP framework, it weaves cross cutting concerns into the classes, without making a call to the cross cutting concerns from those classes.
* Provision to create aspects using schema based (XML configuration) or @AspectJ annotation based style.


**disadvantage**:
* a little difficult to debug
* only methods with public visibility will be advised
* Aspects cannot advise other Aspects 
* Local or internal method calls within an advised class doesn’t get intercepted by proxy, so advise method of the aspect does not get fired/invoked

### 5. What is Aspect in Spring AOP?
class to define all aop self methods

### 6. What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?
expression to find all main application methods to insert AOP

### 7. What is the Join point in Spring AOP?
A Joinpoint is a point in Spring AOP during the execution of a program, such as the execution of a method or the handling of an exception, etc

### 8. What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?
Advice is associated with a pointcut expression and runs at any join point matched by the pointcut (for example, the execution of a method with a certain name)

@Before – Run before the method execution
@After – Run after the method returned a result
@AfterReturning – Run after the method returned a result, intercept the returned result as well.
@AfterThrowing – Run after the method throws an exception
@Around – Run around the method execution, combine all three advices above. @Aspect - indicate this is a aop class

### 9. What is Spring AOP Proxy?
AOP proxy: an object created by the AOP framework in order to implement the aspect contracts (advise method executions and so on)

### 10. Briefly Reading: https://www.javainuse.com/spring/sprbatch_interview

### 11. When to use Spring Batch?
You can use Spring Batch in both simple use cases (such as reading a file into a database or running a stored procedure) 
and complex, high volume use cases (such as moving high volumes of data between databases, transforming it, and so on)

### 12. How Spring Batch works?
1. Read a large number of data from a database or file
2. Process data 
3. Write back data in a modified form.
4. 
### 13. How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?
Spring Batch follows the traditional batch architecture where a job repository does the work of scheduling and interacting with the job. 
A job can have more than one step. 
And every step typically follows the sequence of reading data, processing it and writing it

### 14. What is Swagger?
Swagger is one of the most popular tools for developers to document REST APIs.