## HW17 - Microservice


##### 1.list all of the new annotations you learned to your annotations.md

##### 2.Document the microservice architecture and components/tools/dependencies

In microservice architecture, the application is made up of multiple microservices. These microservices are identified by dividing the business logics.

Main Components:

- `Zuul API Gateway`: responsible for routing (the requests to the appropriate services), logging, security, and load balancing

- `Eureka`: Service Registry and Service Discovery Server

  each microservice will register with the server, so that it can be discovered by other microservices

- `Docker`: Containerizing each of microservices, so that the application can be started up by a single command

- `Ribbon`: Load Balancer, enables our service to scale well and stay highly available when the traffic load increases

- `Hystrix`: Implements typical resilience patterns such as timeout and circuit breaker, used to catch the errors and prevent the further errors when a service is done

- `Kafka`: Message Broker, enables asynchronous communication between microservices, provides the features include fault tolerance and support high volume of data

- `Config Server`: provides a central place to manage external properties for application and its microservices

##### 3.What are Resilience patterns? What is circuit breaker?

Resilience patterns are developed to catch and prevent cascading failures in microservices. Some common patterns include: circuit breaker, bulkhead, and timeout.

Circuit breaker: If a system call results in an error, the circuit breaker goes into OPEN state and does not allow any further calls to pass through. Meanwhile the circuit breaker may also use some fallback mechanism by returning some cached or default response to the caller. After a specified wait duration the circuit breaker goes into HALF_OPEN state and tries to reconnect to the service.

##### 4.Watching the below videos. and write your understanding about microservice.

- Difference between Monolithic, SOA and Microservices Architecture
  - Monolithic: all components are bundled together, the application is built as one large system and is one code-base
  - Service Oriented Architecture: SOA breaks up the components into separate service modules and it is designed to share resources across services, it frequently involves component sharing
  - Microservices: an evolution of SOA as its service are more specific and each function is independent, it focus on loosely coupling and it typically doesn't involve component sharing
- What is Bounded Context
  - It represents logical boundaries. It is a central pattern in DDD (Domain-Driven Design) which breaks large models down into multiple contexts to make them more manageable. 
- How microservices communicate with each other
  - REST API
  - Websockets
  - Messeage brokers (Kafka, RabbitMQ)
- Explain Idempotence and its usage
  - It refers to the situation in which a task is performed multiple times and the result remaining the same. 
  - When the service receives requests more than once, idempotence ensures that it will process each request once.
