1. Write up Example code to demonstrate the three foundmental concepts of OOP. (reference Code Demo repo as example)
- Encapsulation;
- Polymorphism;
- Inheritance;
2. What is wrapper class in Java and Why we need wrapper class?
- A Wrapper class is a class whose object wraps or contains primitive data types. 
- Wrapper class objects enable us to convert the original passed value and support the multithreading and synchronisation process.
3. What is the difference between HashMap and HashTable? 
- HashMap is non-syncronized and is not thread safe while HashTable is thread safe and is synchronized. 
- HashMap allows one null key and values can be null whereas HashTable doesn't allow null key or value. 
- HashMap is faster than HashTable. 
- HashMap iterator is fail-safe where HashTable iterator is not fail-safe.
4. What is String pool in Java and why we need String pool?
- String pool is a storage space in the Java heap memory where string literals are stored. 
- It is created to decrease the number of string objects created in the memory. Whenever a new string is created, JVM first checks the string pool. If it encounters the same string, then instead of creating a new string, it returns a reference existing string to the variable.
5. What is Java garbage collection?
- It is the task of garbage collection (GC) in the Java virtual machine (JVM) to automatically determine what memory is no longer being used by a Java application and to recycle this memory for other uses.
6. What are access modifiers and their scopes in Java?
- Access modifiers are keywords that can be used to control the visibility of fields, methods, and constructors in a class.
7. What is final key word? (Field, Method, Class)
- The final keyword in java is used to restrict the user.
    - Final Field once assigned a value can never be changed.
    - If you make any method as final, you cannot override it.
    - If you make any class as final, you cannot extend it.
8. What is static keyword? (Field, Method, Class). When do we usually use it?
- The static keyword in Java is used for memory management mainly. 
    - The static variable can be used to refer to the common property of all objects (which is not unique for each object), for example, the company name of employees,college name of students, etc. The static variable gets memory only once in the class area at the time of class loading.
    - A static method belongs to the class rather than the object of a class. It can be invoked without the need for creating an instance of a class. A static method can access static data member and can change the value of it.
    - A static Class is used to initialize the static data member. It is executed before the main method at the time of classloading.
- Generally, if you want to access variables or methods inside a class, you first need to create an instance or object of that class. However, there might be situations where you want to access only a couple of methods or variables of a class and you don’t want to create a new instance for that class just for accessing these members. This is where you can use the static keyword in Java.
9. What is the differences between overriding and overloading?
- Overriding occurs when the method signature is the same in the superclass and the child class. Overloading occurs when two or more methods in the same class have the same name but different parameters.
10. What is the differences between super and this?
- The this keyword points to a reference of the current class, while the super keyword points to a reference of the parent class
11. What is the Java load sequence?
-  The Java ClassLoader is a part of the Java Runtime Environment that dynamically loads Java classes into the Java Virtual Machine.
12. What is Polymorphism ? And how Java implements it ?
- Polymorphism is the ability of an object to take on different forms. 
-  Compile-time polymorphism can be achieved by method overloading, and Runtime polymorphism can be achieved by method overriding.
13. What is Encapsulation ? How Java implements it? And why we need encapsulation?
- Encapsulation in Java refers to integrating data (variables) and code (methods) into a single unit. In encapsulation, a class's variables are hidden from other classes and can only be accessed by the methods of the class in which they are found.
- By encapsulation we can allow the programmer to decide on the access to data and methods operating on that data.
14. What is Interface and what is abstract class? What are the differences between them?
- A class that is declared using “abstract” keyword is known as abstract class. It can have abstract methods(methods without body) as well as concrete methods (regular methods with body). A normal class(non-abstract class) cannot have abstract methods.
- An interface is a completely "abstract class" that is used to group related methods with empty bodies
    - Type of methods: Interface can have only abstract methods. An abstract class can have abstract and non-abstract methods. 
    - Final Variables: Variables declared in a Java interface are by default final. An abstract class may contain non-final variables.
    - Type of variables: Abstract class can have final, non-final, static and non-static variables. The interface has only static and final variables.
    - Implementation: Abstract class can provide the implementation of the interface. Interface can’t provide the implementation of an abstract class.
    - Inheritance vs Abstraction: A Java interface can be implemented using the keyword “implements” and an abstract class can be extended using the keyword “extends”.
    - Multiple implementations: An interface can extend one or more Java interfaces; an abstract class can extend another Java class and implement multiple Java interfaces.
    - Multiple Inheritance:  Interface supports multiple inheritance; an abstraction does not support multiple inheritance.
    - Accessibility of Data Members: Members of a Java interface are public by default. A Java abstract class can have class members like private, protected, etc.
15. design a parking lot (put the code to codingQuestions/coding1 folder, )
- If you have no ability to design it, please find the solution in internet, then understand it, and re-type it.(Do NOT just copy and paste)
    - Please check in another folder.
16. What are Queue interface implementations and what are the differences and when to use what?
- The Queue is used to insert elements at the end of the queue and removes from the beginning of the queue.
- If you need to process objects in the FIFO order, you can use a Queue to store them. 
