2. What is the checked exception and unchecked exception in Java, could you give one example?
   There are two types of Exceptions. They are explained below in detail.
   a) Checked Exception:
   These exceptions are checked by the compiler at the time of compilation. Classes that extend Throwable class except Runtime exception and Error are called checked Exception.
   Checked Exceptions must either declare the exception using throws keyword (or) surrounded by appropriate try/catch.
   For Example, ClassNotFound Exception
   b) Unchecked Exception:
   These exceptions are not checked during the compile time by the compiler.  The compiler doesn’t force to handle these exceptions. It includes:
   Arithmetic Exception
   ArrayIndexOutOfBounds Exception
  

3. Can there be multiple finally blocks?  
per try/catch/finally statement can only have one finally blocks, but there can be multiple such statements, either inthe same method or in multiple methods.
  

4. When both catch and finally return values, what will be the final result?  
the finally block will still execute, even if the catch block has a return statement. 
if both catch and finally return, the receiving method will get the returned value from the finally block.
  

5. What is Runtime/unchecked exception? what is Compile/Checked Exception?
   A checked exception is caught at compile time.A checked exception must be handled either by re-throwing or with a try catch block.  
   a runtime or unchecked exception is, as it states, at runtime.an unchecked isn't required to be handled.
  

6. What is the difference between throw and throws?  
Throw is a keyword which is used to throw an exception in the program inside a block of code. It can only throw one exception at a time.
Throws is a keyword used in the method signature used to declare an exception which might get thrown by the function while executing the code. 
It can be used to declare multiple exceptions.
  

7. Run the below three pieces codes, Noticed the printed exceptions. why do we put the Null/Runtime
   exception before Exception   
because we try to catch the possible known exception, then the unknown exception.
  

7. What is optional? why do you use it? write an optional example.
   By using Optional, we can specify alternate values to return or alternate code to run. 
This makes the code more readable because the facts which were hidden are now visible to the developer.
  

8. Why finally always be executed ?  
finally block will be executed irrespective of the exception or not. 
The only case where finally block is not executed is when it encounters ‘System.exit()’ method anywhere in try/catch block.
  

9. Practice collection problems here: https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/tree/main/02-java-core/
      src/main/java/com/chuwa/exercise/collection
  

10. What is Java 8 new features ?
    Permanent generation  
    Stream API  
    DATE & TIME API  
    Functional Interfaces  
    Lambda expressions  
    forEach() Method  
  
11. What are the types of design patterns in Java ?  
Design Patterns are already defined and provides industry standard approach to solve a recurring problem,
so it saves time if we sensibly use the design pattern. 
java design patterns are divided into three categories:   
creational:Singleton; Factory; Abstract Factory; Builder; Prototype  
structural: Adapter; Composite; Proxy; Flyweight; Facade; Bridge; Decorator  
behavioral:Template Method; Mediator; Chain of Responsibility; Observer; Strategy; Command; State; Visitor; Interpreter; Iterator; Memento  
  
12. What are the SOLID Principles ?  
SOLIC principles are object-oriented design concepts relevant to software development. 
SOLID is an acronym for five other class-design principles: 
single responsibility principle, open-closed principle, liskov substitution principle, interface segregation principle, dependency inversion principle.
  

13. How can you achieve thread-safe singleton patterns in Java ?    
create the private constructor to avoid any new object creation with new operator.
  

14. What do you understand by the Open-Closed Principle (OCP) ?    
this principle states that software entities should be open for extension, but close for modification.
  

15. Liskov’s substitution principle states that if class B is a subtype of class A, then object of type A may be
    substituted with any object of type B. What does this actually mean? (from OA ) choose your answer.(A)

a. It means if the object of type A can do something, the object of type B could also be able to perform the same thing.

16. Watch the design pattern video, and type the code, submit it to MavenProject folder
    singleton: https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Np4y1z7BU?p=22
    Factory: https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Np4y1z7BU?p=35&vd_source=310561eab1216a27f7accf859bf7f6
    d9
    Builder: https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Np4y1z7BU?p=50&vd_source=310561eab1216a27f7accf859bf7f6
    d9
    Publisher_Subscriber: https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Np4y1z7BU?p=114&vd_source=310561eab1216a27f
    7accf859bf7f6d9
