# hw23

1.*What is generic in Java? and type the generic code by yourself.*

**Generic** means **parameterized types**. The idea is to allow type (Integer, String, … etc., and user-defined types) to be a parameter to methods, classes, and interfaces. Using Generics, it is possible to create classes that work with different data types. An entity such as class, interface, or method that operates on a parameterized type is a generic entity.

1. *Read those codes and type it one by one by yourself. the push the code to your*
*branch.*
 

3.*practice stream API at least 3 times*

*4. Write the Singleton design pattern include eager load and lazy load.*

*5. What is Runtime Exception? could you give me some examples?*

RuntimeException is the superclass of those *exceptions* that can be thrown during the normal *operation* of the *Java* Virtual Machine. The RuntimeException and its subclasses are **[unchecked exceptions](https://www.google.com/url?client=internal-element-cse&cx=009682134359037907028:tj6eafkv_be&q=https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/checked-vs-unchecked-exceptions-in-java/&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiRiMjznP_sAhV4_3MBHbDuCtYQFjAAegQIABAC&usg=AOvVaw3B1vvu7Ab_7OyiJDZG8g2j).**

The 10 most common examples of RuntimeExceptions in Java are:

- ArithmeticException.
- NullPointerException.
- ClassCastException.
- DateTimeException.
- ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException.
- NegativeArraySizeException.
- ArrayStoreException.
- UnsupportedOperationException.

1. *Could you give me one example of NullPointerException?*

```java
public class NullPointerExceptionExample {
    private static void printLength(String str) {
        System.out.println(str.length());
    }

    public static void main(String args[]) {
        String myString = null;
        printLength(myString);
    }
}

Exception in thread "main" java.lang.NullPointerException
    at NullPointerExceptionExample.printLength(NullPointerExceptionExample.java:3)
    at NullPointerExceptionExample.main(NullPointerExceptionExample.java:8)
```

 **

1. *What is the Optional class?*

     The Optional class in Java is a container that can hold, at max, one value and gracefully deals with null values. The class was introduced in the java. util package to remove the need for multiple null checks to protect against the dreaded NullPointerExceptions during run-time.  **

1. *What is the @FunctionalInterface?*

**Any interface with a SAM(Single Abstract Method) is a functional interface**, and its implementation may be treated as lambda expressions.

9 . *What is lamda?*

    Lambda Expressions were added in Java 8. A lambda expression is a short block of code which takes in parameters and returns a value. Lambda expressions are similar to methods, but they do not need a name and they can be implemented right in the body of a method. It’s used t*o* Replace anonymous inner class and work with functional interface.

*10. What is Method Reference*

Method reference is a new feature of Java 8, a short and easily readable writing syntax for a lambda expression. To refer to a functional interface method, use a method reference. You can replace a method reference for your lambda expression whenever you are just referring to a method with a lambda expression.

```java
//Consider a lambda expression which is as follows:

str -> System.out.println(str)

//By method reference, it will change to this:

System.out::println
```

*11. What is Java 8 new features?*

11.1 *Default method and static method in interface*
11.2 *Lambda & Functional Interface*
 **
11.3 *Optional*
11.4 *Method Reference*
11.5 *Stream API*  
 

1*2. Lambda can use unchanged variable outside of lambda? what is the details?*

Yes. 

Unchanged variable works like final variable.

```java
/**
* Use “Effectively Final” Variables
* 当variable只赋值⼀次，没有任何变动的时候，Java默认是final。
*/

@Test
public void testEffectivelyFinal() {
	String localVariable = "Local";
	Foo foo = parameter -> {
	return parameter + " " + localVariable;
	};
	System.out.println(foo.method("hello"));
}
```