# HW23

#### 1.What is generic in Java?  and type the generic code by yourself.

Generic is a universal type in Java. more than one type can be taken in generic with no error or exception.

#### 2.Read those codes and type it one by one by yourself. the push the code to your branch

#### 3.practice stream API at least 3 times

#### 4.  Write the Singleton design pattern include eager load and lazy load.

Public class Singleton {

​		private static Singleton instance = new Singleton();

​		private Singleton(){}

​		public static Singleton getInstance(){

​						return instance;

}

}

Singleton.getInstance（）；



public class Singleton{

private static volatile Singleton instance;

private Singleton(){

public static Singleton getInstace(){

​		if(instance == null){

​		synchronized(Singleton.class){

​			if （instance == null) {

​						instance = new Singleton();

}

}

}

}

​		return instance;

}

}







#### 5.What is Runtime Exception? could you give me some example

Runtime exception is a kind of exception can only be found in runtime. Some other exception can be found in compile time. NullPointerException is one of the most common Runtime exception in Java and C++

#### 6.Could you give me one example of NullPointerException?

ListNode currentPointer = null;

System.out.println(currentPointer.val);

if I run this code segment, I will receive a NullPointerException, because I set currentPointer to null

#### 7. What is the Optional class

Optional class is a extended package from Google, which can help to prevent NullPointerException and do the null check by use Optional, this package had been added to Java 8 JDK since it is extremely useful and it is one of Java 8 new features

#### 8.  What is the @FunctionalInterface?

Because interface can only have one abstract method, but interface can be write as regular function in Java, so @functionalInterface placed before the function interface can let compiler know this is a interface, which will do sanity check(whether this interface has only one abstract or not)

#### 9.  what is lamda 

Lambda is the implementation of the abstract method, which also is anonymous Function. Allows java developer define function with simple syntax. only function body is necessary in Lambda.

#### 10. What is Method Reference

Method Reference is a java 8 new feature, can be used to simplify Lambda expression

#### 11.What is Java 8 new features

Java 8 SDK is a upgraded version after java 7. Which add many new packages to help Java developer improve Java performance. Such as Lambda expression, FunctionInterface, Stream API etc.

#### 12. Lambda can use unchanged variable outside of lambda? what is the details?

Yes. Since Lambda expression itself is extremely simple, Java 8 allows Lambda use unchanged variable outside of lambda. As long as the variable memory address doesn't changed, lambda expression can use them, according this rules, all constant can be used by lambda.











