# hw40

*1. create a file to list all of the annotaitons you learned and known, and explain the usage and how do you*
*understand it. you need to update it when you learn a new annotation. Please organize those annotations*
*well, like annotations used by entity, annotations used by controller.*
*1. File name: annotations.md*
*2. you'd better also list a code example under the annotations.*

*2. explain how the below annotaitons specify the table in database?*

The @Column annotation is used to specify the details of the column to which a field or property will be mapped. You can use column annotation with the following most commonly used attributes −

- **name** attribute permits the name of the column to be explicitly specified.
- **length** attribute permits the size of the column used to map a value particularly for a String value.
- **nullable** attribute permits the column to be marked NOT NULL when the schema is generated.
- **unique** attribute permits the column to be marked as containing only unique values.

*3. What is the default column names of the table in database for @Column ?*

 Idk.

*4. What are the layers in springboot application? what is the role of each layer?*

The spring boot consists of the following four layers: 

Database Layer

Presentation Layer – Authentication & Json Translation. 

Business Layer – Business Logic, Validation & Authorization. 

Persistence Layer – Storage Logic. 

*5. Describe the flow in all of the layers if an API is called by Postman.*

*6. What is the application.properties? do you know application.yml?*

  In Spring Boot, properties are kept in the **application.properties** file under the classpath. Application. properties file is used to write the application-related property into that file. This file contains the different configuration which is required to run the application in a different environment, and each environment will have a different property defined by it.

1. `.properties` stores data in sequential format, whereas`.yml` stores data in hierarchical format.
2. `.properties` supports only key-value pairs (basically string values), whereas`.yml` supports key-value pair, as well as map, list & scalar type values.
3. `.properties` is specifically used by Java, whereas`.yml` can be used by other languages (eg Java, Python, ROR, etc).
4. When managing multiple configuration profiles, then:`.properties` requires you to create `.properties` file per every profile, whereas in`.yml` you can create a section for each specific profile inside a single `.yml` file.

*7. Create a Project, name it with mongo-blog, write a POST API for mongo-blog, change database to MongoDB;*
*1. https://www.mongodb.com/compatibility/spring-boot*

*8. In your redbook application, write the code for RUD APIs.*
*1. https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook.git*
*1. Branch: 02_post_RUD*
*2. you need to call the new APIs in your postman.*
*3. You need to type it line by line and try your best to understand it. DO NOT COPY PASTE*
*@Column(columnDefinition = "varchar(255) default 'John Snow'")*
*private String name;*
*@Column(name="STUDENT_NAME", length=50, nullable=false, unique=false)*
*private String studentName;*