# hw41

1. *List all of the new annotations to your annotaitons.md and explain its role.*
*2. how do you do the debug?*

Using debug tools in IntelliJ

*3. What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO?*

- **Value Object** : Use when need to measure the objects' equality based on the objects' value.
- **Data Transfer Object** : Pass data with multiple attributes in one shot from client to server across layer, to avoid multiple calls to remote server.
- **Plain Old Java Object** : It's like simple class which properties, public no-arg constructor. As we declare for JPA entity.
- **Data Objects** (*DO*) API is a standard interface-based Java model abstraction of persistence, developed under the auspices of the Java Community.

*4. What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds") (不会的话，课上问)?*

The @JsonProperty annotation is used to map property names with JSON keys during serialization and deserialization. By default, if you try to serialize a POJO, the generated JSON will have keys mapped to the fields of the POJO.

*5. do you know what is jackson?*

Jackson is a suite of data-processing tools for Java. It allows to read and write data in JSON, Avro, BSON, CBOR, CSV, Smile, (Java) Properties, Protobuf, XML or YAML format. Jackson is auto-configured. It comes with the spring-boot-starter-json

*6. What is spring-boot-stater?*
*a. what dependecies in the below starter? do you know any starters?*

Spring Boot Starters are dependency descriptors that can be added under the <dependencies> section in pom. xml.  *Starter POMs are a set of convenient dependency descriptors that you can include in your application.*

Below is the spring web dependencies.

*7. do you know @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST) ? could you list CRUD by this style?*

Yes, @RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.GET)

*8. What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?*

   ResponseEntity represents the whole HTTP response: status code, headers, and body. As a result, we can use it to fully configure the HTTP response. If we want to use it, we have to return it from the endpoint; Spring takes care of the rest.

*9. What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC*

  A ResultSet object is a table of data representing a database result set, which is usually generated by executing a statement that queries the database. For example, the CoffeeTables. viewTable method creates a ResultSet , when it executes the query through the Statement objecct.

The typical flow of using JDBC is as follows:

1. First, load the JDBC driver and create a connection to the database.
2. Then, create a Statement and execute the query to get a ResultSet.
3. Next, traverse and process the ResultSet .
4. Close the ResultSet , Statement , and Connection .

*10. What is the ORM framework?*

Object–relational mapping (ORM) in CS is a programming technique for converting data between type systems using object-oriented programming languages. This creates, in effect, a "virtual object database" that can be used from within the programming language.

*11. Learn how to use ObjectMapper by this example.*
*<dependency>*
*<groupId>com.fasterxml.jackson.core</groupId>*
*<artifactId>jackson-databind</artifactId>*
*<version>2.13.3</version>*
*<scope>compile</scope>*
*</dependency>*

*12. What is the serialization and desrialization?*

**Serialization**
 is the process of converting a data object—a combination of code and data represented within a region of data storage—into a series of bytes that saves the state of the object in an easily transmittable form. In this serialized form, the data can be delivered to another data store, application, or some other destination. 

**Deserialization**
 is the process of reconstructing a data structure or object from a series of bytes or a string in order to instantiate the object for consumption. This is the reverse process of serialization, i.e., converting a data structure or object into a series of bytes for storage or transmission across devices. To fetch an object state over a wire or read it from persistent storage, a system must be able to deserialize it from raw bytes.

*13. use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32].*

```java
public class averageOfStream {
    public double average(int[] arr) {
       double sum =  Arrays.stream(arr).asDoubleStream().sum();
       return sum / arr.length;
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        int[] arr = {20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32};
        System.out.println(new averageOfStream().average(arr));
    }
}
```