## HW9 Spring Data

1. **List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md**


2. **Type the Comment feature for the class project.**
 

3. **In postman, call of the APIs in PostController and CommentController.**


4. **what is JPA? and what is Hibernate?**

   JPA is Java Persistence API that used to access, manage and persist data between Java object and relational database.
   Comparing with JDBC, JPA is higher standard API for persistence and object/relational mapping for the Java.  
Hibernate is an implementation of JPA. 
Hibernate is an Object-relational Mapping tool that is used to save the java objects in the relational database system.
It is used in mapping java data types with SQL data types and database tables. It uses HQL (Hibernate Query Language) to execute database operations. To create Session instances, it uses SessionFactory interface.


5. **What is Hiraki? what is the benefits of connection pool?**

    Hikari is a JDBC DataSource implementation that provides a connection pooling mechanism.


6. **What is the @OneToMany, @ManyToOne, @ManyToMany? write some examples.**

    They describe data relationships.
    - @OneToMany: one post has many comments
    - @ManyToOne: many comments relate to one post
    - @ManyToMany: many students select many classes


7. **What is the cascade = CascadeType.ALL, orphanRemoval = true? and what
   are the other CascadeType and their features? In which situation we choose
   which one?**

   cascade = CascadeType.ALL: propagates all operations from a parent to a child entity.  
   orphanRemoval = true:if the child becomes a orphan(its parent record is gone), the child record should be removed also.  
   The other Cascade Type: PERSIST, REMOVE, REFRESH, MERGE, DETACH


8. **What is the fetch = FetchType.LAZY, fetch = FetchType.EAGER? what is the
   difference? In which situation you choose which one?**

   fetch = FetchType.LAZY: fetches the records only when they are needed.  
   fetch = FetchType.EAGER:  when a record is fetched from the database, all the associated records from related tables are also fetched. Eager fetch is default fetch type used by Hibernate.   


9. **What is the rule of JPA naming convention? Shall we implement the method by
   ourselves? Could you list some examples?**

   The rule for JPA naming convention is all lower case and using space to separates words. When it matches to database.


10. **Try to use JPA advanced methods in your class project. In the repository layer,
    you need to use the naming convention to use the method provided by JPA.**


11. **Check out a new branch(https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/tree/h
    w02_01_jdbcTemplate) from branch 02_post_RUD, replace the dao layer using
    JdbcTemplate.**
