## HW13 Spring Basic

1. **List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md**


2. **What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Springboot?**

   The Spring Framework is a large open source framework that consists of several modules.
Here is a sample list: 
   - IoC
   - AOP
   - Data access framework
   - Transaction management framework
   - MVC framework
   - Remote access framework
   - Batch Framework
   - Integration Framework  
   
   The Spring Boot is a framework used to configure and set up Spring application very easily.
Usually, a Spring project needs several dependencies installed and configured to work, but with Spring Boot,
everything comes pre-configured so that developers only have to worry about writing code (and not XML).
Spring Boot is a configuration framework that use the Spring framework.  


3. **What is IOC and What is DI?**  
Inversion of Control is the mechanism to achieve loose-coupling between Objects dependencies.
To achieve loose coupling and dynamic binding of the objects at runtime, objects dependencies are injected by other assembler objects.  
Dependency Injection is a fundamental aspect of the Spring framework, through which the Spring container "injects" 
objects into other objects or "dependencies". 
Simply put, this allows for loose coupling of components and moves the responsibility of managing components onto the container.  


4. **What is @CompnonentScan?**

   With Spring, we use the @ComponentScan annotation along with the @Configuration annotation to specify the packages that we want to be scanned.
   @ComponentScan without arguments tells Spring to scan the current package and all of its sub-packages.


5. **How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotation?**

   - xml - <context:component-scan base-package="..."/>
   - annotation - put @ComponentScan(basePackages = {...}) annotation before the class  


6. **What is @SpringbootApplication?**

   @SpringBootApplication annotation is used to mark a configuration class that declares one or more @Bean methods and also triggers auto-configuration and component scanning.


7. **How many ways wo can define a bean?**

   Define beans are tell Spring to new this bean and manage the beans  
   - Class level: @Component; @Service; @Repository; @Controller; @GlobalExceptionHandler  
   - Method level: @Bean (used with @Configuration) together  
   - XML: <bean id="dataNucleusChuwaNoComponent"
     class="com.chuwa.springbasic.components.impl.DataNu
     cleusChuwaNoComponent"></bean>  


8. **What is default bean name for @Component and @Bean?**

   The default bean name will be method name.


9. **What is the difference between @component and @service,@repository?**

   @Component is a generic stereotype for any Spring-managed component. @Service annotates classes at the service layer. @Repository annotates classes at the persistence layer, which will act as a database repository.


10. **How many annotations we can use to inject the bean?**  
   @Autowired; @Resource; @Inject
   

11. **Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans
    in Spring)? Which way is better and why?**  
   - constructor Injection  
   - Setter Injection  
   - Field Injection  
Constructor injection is good, reliable and immutable. Setter injection is more 
flexible, mutable objects. Field injection is fast and convenient, coupling with IoC container.  



12. **If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let
    the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay.**
    @Autowired: By type > By name  
@Resource: By name > By type  
Priority: @Qualifier > @Primary > By Name > throw exception(NoUniqueBeanDefinitionException)



13. **What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?**  
the BeanFactory provides basic functionality for managing and manipulating beans, often in a programmatic way, the ApplicationContext provides extra functionality like MessageSource, Access to resources, Event propagation to beans, Loading of multiple (hierarchical) contexts etc.  



14. **What is the Scope of a Bean? and list the examples for each scope.**  
Singleton:This scopes the bean definition to a single instance per Spring IoC container.  
    ```aidl
    <!-- A bean definition with singleton scope -->
    <bean id = "..." class = "..." scope = "singleton">
       <!-- collaborators and configuration for this bean go here -->
    </bean>
    ```  
    Prototype: This scopes a single bean definition to have any number of object instances. 
    ```aidl
    <!-- A bean definition with prototype scope -->
    <bean id = "..." class = "..." scope = "prototype">
       <!-- collaborators and configuration for this bean go here -->
    </bean>
    ```  
    Request: This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP request. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.  
Session: This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.  
Application: creates the bean instance for the lifecycle of a ServletContext.  


15. **Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we
    configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml,
    and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old,
    I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)**  
    ```aidl
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <beans xmlns="http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans"
           xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
           xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans
            https://www.springframework.org/schema/beans/spring-beans.xsd">
    
        <bean id="student" class="org.example.Student">
            <property name="name" value="tom"></property>
        </bean>
    
    </beans>
    ```
