# hw44

2, *What is MVC pattern?*

*Spring Web MVC is the original web framework built on the Servlet API and has been*
*included inthe Spring Framework from the very beginning.*
*MVC Pattern contains three parts:* 
*Controller : The front controller maps the incoming request to a controller. Controllers contain the*
*business logic of the application. They also handle requests and perform marshalling/*
*unmarshalling. The function of the controller is to handle a user request. The incoming*
*request may be handled in different ways like reading form data, processing it in some*
*way, storing data in a database, or retrieving data from a web service etc. The controller*
*places the data in the model which, simply put, is a container for the data. The controller*
*returns the model (containing data) back to the front controller.*

View : *Spring MVC supports a number of view templates. The most commonly used are JSP or*
*JSTL (JSP Standard Tag Library). Other view templates like Thymeleaf, Groovy, Velocity,*
*and FreeMarker etc., can also be plugged in. View template receives the model containing data. It reads the model and displays the data. If, say, the model contains a list of players, the view template can create a table to display that list. In most cases a view template is a JSP page that provides data to the user.*

Model : 

*Model is a container for data. It is used to transfer data from one part of the Spring MVC application to another.* 

*3. What is Front-Controller?*

It is "a controller that handles all requests for a website, which is a useful structure for web application developers to achieve flexibility and reuse without code redundancy.

*4. What is DispatcherServlet? please decribe how it works.*

DispatcherServlet abstracts away the following tedious and boilerplate tasks and

focus on useful business logic:

Mapping an HTTP request to a certain processing method

Parsing of HTTP request data and headers into data transfer objects (DTOs) or domain objects

Model-view-controller interaction

Generation of responses from DTOs, domain objects, etc

*5. What is JSP and What is ModelAndView？(please google to have a basic*

JSP(Java Server Pages) is used as a view technology.

`ModelAndView` is a holder for both `Model` and `View` in the web MVC framework. These two classes are distinct; `ModelAndView`merely holds both to make it possible for a controller to return both model and view in a single return value.

*6. Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间，知道servlet的名字就⾏。)*

*7. How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss)*

Tomcat : **Apache Tomcat** (called "Tomcat" for short) is a [free and open-source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software) implementation of the [Jakarta Servlet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jakarta_Servlet), [Jakarta Expression Language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jakarta_Expression_Language), and [WebSocket](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebSocket) technologies.[[3]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_Tomcat#cite_note-3) It provides a "pure Java" [HTTP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypertext_Transfer_Protocol) [web server](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_server) environment in which [Java](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language)) code can also run. Thus it's a Java web application server, although not a full JEE application server.

*8. clone this repo, and run it in you local.*