# hw47-testing

*2. what is selenium(YouTube)?*

     Selenium is *a free (open-source) automated testing framework used to validate web applications across different browsers and platforms*.

*3. what is cucumber(youtueb)?*

    Cucumber is *a testing tool that supports Behavior Driven Development (BDD*). It offers a way to write tests that anybody can understand, works by reading our specifications from plain English text files called feature files. It scans them for test scenarios, and runs those scenarios against our product.

*4. what is JMeter(youtube)?*

  JMeter is an open-source testing tool from Apache that offers a wide range of performance testing capabilities. It is actually a java-based desktop application that allows testing of client-server applications like databases, FTP servers, websites, web services, etc.

*5. what is unit-test?*

   A unit test is a way of testing a unit - the smallest piece of code that can be logically isolated in a system. In most programming languages, that is a function, a subroutine, a method or property. The isolated part of the definition is importants.

*6. What is the lifecircle of Junit?*

In JUnit 5, the test lifecycle is driven by four primary annotations i.e. @BeforeAll, @BeforeEach, @AfterEach and @AfterAll

*7. Is @BeforeAll method should be Class level(static)?*

Yes.Methods annotated with `@BeforeAll`and `@AfterAll`are `static`methods because, as the name suggest they are called once before all and once after all `@Test`methods. So, if in a test class there are two @Test methods, the @BeforeAll method will be called once before all test methods and similarly, the @AfterAll method will be called once, just after all @Test method gets finished.

*8. What is Mockito? and what is its limitations?*

Mockito is a JAVA-based library used for unit testing applications. This open-source library plays an important role in automated unit tests for the purpose of test-driven development or behavior-driven development.
 It uses a mock interface to add dummy functionality in the unit testing. It also uses Java reflection to create mock objects for an interface to test it.

Some limitations of the mockito are: 

- It cannot mock constructors or static methods.
- It requires Java version 6 plus to run.
- It also cannot mock equals(), hashCode() methods.
- VM mocking is only possible on VMs that are supported by Objenesis.

*9. What is @Mock and what is @InjectMocks?*

During unit testing with junit and mockito, generally, we use **@Mock** and **@InjectMocks**
 annotations to create mocks and SUT (*System Under Test*) to be tested.

@Mock creates a mock, and @InjectMocks creates an instance of the class and injects the mocks that are created with the @Mock annotations into this instance.

*10. What is the stubbing?*

A stub is a small piece of code that takes the place of another component during testing. The benefit of using a stub is that it returns consistent results, making the test easier to write. And you can run tests even if the other components are not working yet.

To use stubs, you have to write your component so that it uses only interfaces, not classes, to refer to other parts of the application. This is a good design practice because it makes changes in one part less likely to require changes in another. For testing, it allows you to substitute a stub for a real component.

*11. what is Mockito Argument Matchers*

  The argThat argument matcher in Mockito lets you create advanced argument matchers that run a function on passed arguments, and checks if the function returns true . If you have a complicated class that can't be easily checked using . equals() , a custom matcher can be a useful tool.

*12. what is Hamcrest Matchers*

Hamcrest is a framework that assists writing software tests in the Java programming language. It supports creating customized assertion matchers ('Hamcrest' is an anagram of 'matchers'), allowing match rules to be defined declaratively. These matchers have uses in unit testing frameworks such as JUnit and jMock.

*13. do you know @spy? what is difference between @spy and @Mock?*

In Mockito, spy() method is used for creating spy objects. It allows us to call the normal methods of the real object. The following code snippet shows how to use the spy() method.

The difference is that in mock, you are creating a complete mock or fake object.

while in spy, there is the real object and you just spying or stubbing specific methods of it. When using mock objects, the default behavior of the method when not stub is do nothing.