### 1. List all the new annotations to your annotations.md and explain its role.


### 2. How do you do the debug?
1) Set breakpoints
2) Run the program in debug mode
3) Then the program runs normally until a breakpoint is hit. (The breakpoints line has not been executed yet.)
4) Step through the program (step into the breakpoints line code and find out what is happening inside it.)
5) Stop the debugger session and rerun the program


### 3. What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO?
DTO, VO, and DO are almost the same.
- DTO(Data Transfer Object): DTO is java class (created within the payload package). DTO is data container which are used to transport data between layers and tiers.
- VO(Value Object): VO is an object, such as `java.lang.Integer`, that hold values (hence value objects).
- DO( Data Object): DO is a standard interface-based Java model abstraction of persistence, developed under the auspices of the Java Community Process.
- Payload: The Payload of an API Module is the body of http request and response message.


### 4. What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds")?
JsonProperty annotation: is provided by Jackson library to have particular key for JSON attribute while using it with Spring Boot (Java).  

@JsonProperty("name"): tells Jackson ObjectMapper to map the JSON property name to the annotated Java field's name.


### 5. Do you know what is Jackson?
```
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.fasterxml.jackson.core</groupId>
  <artifactId>jackson-databind</artifactId>
  <version>2.13.3</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```
Jackson is a java based library, which is used for parsing and generating Json files. 
It has built in Object Mapper class which parses json files and deserializes it to custom java objects.


### 6. What is **spring-boot-starter**?
Spring Boot Starters are dependency descriptors that can be added under the <dependencies> section in pom.xml.

**6.1 what dependencies in the below starter? do you know any starters?**
```
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
  <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
</dependency>
```
- The starter dependency in the above: spring-boot-starter-web
- Other starters:
    - spring-boot-starter-data-jpa
    - spring-boot-starter-data-jdbc
    - spring-boot-starter-data-mongodb
    - spring-boot-starter-json
    - spring-boot-starter-test


### 7. Do you know `@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)`? Could you list CRUD by this style?
1) The statement can perform different operations based on the HTTP method used, even though request URI remains same.
2) CRUD:  
Create: `@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)`  
Read: `@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.GET)`  
Read: `@RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.GET)`  
Update: `@RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.PUT)`  
Delete: `@RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.DELETE)`


### 8. What is ResponseEntity? Why do we need it?
```
new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse, HttpStatus.OK);
new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse, HttpStatus.CREATED);
ResponseEntity.ok(postService.getPostById(id));
```
ResponseEntity represents the whole HTTP response (headers, body, and status).
We can use it to fully configure the HTTP response.


### 9. What is ResultSet in jdbc? And describe the flow how to get data using JDBC.
ResultSet object is a table of data representing a database result set, which is usually generated by executing a statement that queries the database.  

The flow how to get data using JDBC:  
1) load Driver
2) connect to Database
3) define sql statement
4) create a statement object
5) use statement object to execute sql statement (the result is return to ResultSet)
6) get ResultSet's data to java object
7) close connections and other resource


### 10. What is the ORM framework?
ORM (Object–Relational Mapping) framework can convert data between relational databases and object-oriented programming languages (eg. Java).


### 11. Learn how to use ObjectMapper by [this example](https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/blob/main/02-java-core/src/main/java/com/chuwa/exercise/oa/api/FoodOutletJackson.java).
```
FoodOutlet foodOutlet = objectMapper.readValue(resBody, FoodOutlet.class);
String s = objectMapper.writeValueAsString(foodOutlet);
objectMapper.readTree();
```
hw8-ObjectMapper


### 12. What is the serialization and deserialization? 
https://hazelcast.com/glossary/serialization/  
serialization: Data serialization is the process of converting an object into a stream of bytes to more easily save or transmit it.  

https://hazelcast.com/glossary/deserialization/  
deserialization: Data deserialization is the process of building a data object from a stream of bytes.


### 13. Use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32].
```
int[] array = {20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32};
Arrays.stream(array).average().orElse(Double.NaN);
```


### 14. redbook 03 branch
https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/tree/03_post_pageable
### 15. (Optional) redbook 04 branch
https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/tree/04_comment
### 16. (Optional) Try to write the CRUD api for a new application Cassandra-Blog
[spring dependency](https://start.spring.io/): Spring Data for Apache Cassandra

